Act also works in nust for sciences but sat more easy ig especially digital
Apna dia wa?
Ap kis uni ma ho ya apply krra ho?
SAT and ACT are standardized testing mediums and are accepted globally, you should definitely go for it. I won't recommend LCAT ( it sucks).
Give lcat if you are good with math but find sat English a little challenging. With lcat and decent grades you'll get instant acceptance in humanities and economic school (law school too). However if you are looking for admission in sbasse and sbsd the wait for acceptance would be agonizingly long. So better to give sat for those schools and get 1400 plus for instant acceptance
What sbsd ?
business school
And scholarship b miltin based on sat scores and alevels grades or kitni scholarships milti max ?
Definitely SAT or the ACT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ddeyzy/_/
Did anyone receive their admission decision today? 
Any idea next kab ayegi ab? 
I contacted lums ka admission office through someone. They said majority of admissions have been sent out and ab bas thoray say hi rehtay hen which will come out till the end of july. Its not looking good😔
Really? Did they say this?
How reliable is this information 😯🫠
Pretty reliable considering that someone was my mom and now shes pissed kay mera admission nai howa.... but also they did say kay like. Abhi kuch rehti bhi hen. And the guy also said koi aik school he abhi jis ki abhi acceptances kaafi rehti bhi hen. My mom didn't remember the name. But yeah
Reallyyy??


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dd8mlv/lums_hostel_experience/
Hello i wanted to reach out to students currently enrolled in lums and living in the hostel. I have heard from family friends who graduted from lums that the hostel life is very hard to mange. Stuff gets stolen from the dorms even from your rooms, its also tough to manage food as eating from ourtside everyday gets u sick a lot. So how do hostellites deal with not getting sick from outside food? Also i have heard that the PDC dining hall isnt the best and people get sick eating food from there(apparently its considered substandard?) Im confused cause when i went to lums for a competition i thought the food from pdc tasted good so what is its general reputation?
Lastly on a scale of 1 to 10 how difficult is hostel life?
The dorms themselves are j kinda ass cuz theres no AC and its hot af in the summers. U can sleep in the common room with other people but like not everyone has top hygiene so it might be a bit uncomfortable. Other than that its a fun scene just watch out for the warden.
It is honestly beyond me that a university like LUMS doesn't have ACs in their dorms. Its unimaginable sleeping without ACs in this heat. Surely they can afford to install ACs or make it centrally-conditioned like other buildings.
Also the showers are really good but like only if you find a clean one 😆
Also the zaza
Honestly, your hostel experience depends on your roommate, so have good terms with them. If they're not your type or you can't live with them, you can request a change of roommate. Other than that, it's LUMS, so they make sure to keep up with their standards. The dormitories are regularly cleaned, and the staff is very punctual. The bathrooms are always clean, but it's better to bring your own toiletries. The housemasters are chill, and no one will bother you unless you do something wrong. There's no curfew; you can come and go from the hostel as you please. Make sure you have good friends because, ultimately, they are the ones who will make your dorm experience memorable. Security is very tight, with CCTV cameras covering all areas, and a strict code of conduct is enforced, making theft and harassment very unlikely.

Regarding food, LUMS is nothing short of amazing. They have the best food with 11 high-quality cafes, (including one from an international chain) other than PDC. However, if you are looking for good food at an economical price, PDC is the way to go. I would rate it 10/10 on quality.
Most of this stuff is exaggerated. You can reach out to me in dm if you want details. I’m an SDSB senior who’s been living in the hostel for 3 years now.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dd6umb/chances_of_getting_in_ms_at_lums/
I applied for MS in finance this year and had my interview last month although my profile is pretty decent i can say with corporate experience and extracurricular during bachelor's above 3 cgpa but the thing is i have b and C grades in finance subjects my BS A&amp;F also there was a question in the interview that if i had used AI to write my personal statement to which I answered truthfully that yes i did use a little help will this affect my admission result? the overall interview was okay i guess.  but the interview did not go on for long. please someone tell me is there a chance of getting admission has anyone else gotten the offer letter also I applied for financial aid but I didn't get a chance to talk about it so I just want to ask what are my chances of getting admission &amp; getting the scholarship 
Mostly the people who interview are boomers who don't understand AI so I wouldn't admit to using AI.
Yea .. nope .. they might be boomers .. but they all know about AI
They might know about it but not too sure about the level of familiarity they have with it.
Dude most of the faculty have their MS and PHDs from Stanford, MIT and etc
They would surely know about it
They might know about it but not too sure about the level of familiarity they have with it.
Dude chill kro, MS mein competition low hota hy tou you can keep your hopes high plus secondly keep a back up option as well, such as NUST. Nust ke admission open hain, wahan bhi apply kr dou. 

Plus Lums is not the end of the world
Thank you for making me feel hopeful. 

I would have gone for NUST but its not offering a weekend program also they don't have finance/accounting options in business school. ISB mein only Bahria &amp; Szabist offer weekend classes with finance option

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dcz7ow/help/
Does lums offer merit based scholarships or financial aid and if yes then to what extent ?and what conditions?
Merit scholarships are given based on your academic standing, while financial aid depends solely on your need. They might cover 10% to 100% of your tuition. For merit scholarships, you don't need to do anything once you submit your application; you will automatically be considered for it. One hundred students of every incoming batch are given merit scholarships. For financial aid, there's a separate application that you need to submit, and you must demonstrate financial need.


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dcu64f/lums_vs_nust_vs_aku/
Guys , help me out. I (f18) got into LUMs and NUST but I’m very confused about where to go next. I’m an Alevel student who took biology , physics , chemistry and maths ( CS wasn’t available in my campus at the time ) I’ve gotten into LUMs 50% scholarship and I did score enough for computer science at nust in NET but I’m not sure if I should go for computer science as I have no prior experience in it and the field seems to be getting very saturated and competitive. I know medical is also very saturated but I am good at biology ( national  distinction in O’levels ) and everyone in my family is a doctor. The issue is that I have always hated medicine but now I’m thinking of maybe trying for AKU as it seems more stable and I feel like I could manage it. I wanted to get advice of different people who chose to do CS from LUMs or nust or went for medicine in AKU. Which sounds better ? 
Also as for between LUMs and nust , everyone in my school says “ LUMs is a business school “ so I’m very confused now. Is nust more of a computer science based school ? Will I get better opportunities at nust than at LUMs ? Are there any students who went to these colleges after not studying computer science beforehand ? Also , which is better for job opportunities / masters etc ? I plan to settle aboard in the future. 

bw NUST and Lums I'd chose Lums for CS cus it has a relatively more holistic approach . if you plan on taking a shot for AKU, have a backup since it has a little bit of luck factor involved even if you pass the test. I got into LUMS last year and decided to give aku a try. didnt get in. rn on a gap year. if your parents can afford it, have them pay one semester fees for lums and and then try for AKU. if you get in, well and good. if you dont, go to LUMS.

  
oh btw , I got O lvl Bio distinction aswell lol.
If you want CS and Social Life then go for LUMS. I have just finished my first year at LUMS. I can safely say if you have the financial means to survive lums financially without scholarship you should definitely go for it. Maintaining your scholarship can be a bit hard, so better to be on the safe side tbh. There's no distinction between the students from CS background and non CS backgrounds. Everyone studies the same courses in their first year and this is especially true for SSE.
Would you mind sharing creds for lums scholarship
Lums
Im kinda in the same position as you’re in, luckily i recently got to talk to a lums grad and an aku grad, the aku one was working in California, US. She graduated way back in 2012 and was working in US since, while talking to me she casually mentioned that a bunch of comp sci grads from fast make way more money than she does while having having to work for lesser hours, so it basically depends on what you like doing, after going through rigorous med school she makes less than a comp sci grad but she’s still happy and satisfied with what she does and enjoys it 
Lums on the other hand is a completely different experience, while talking to a friend who graduated last year from lums (SDSB), I was told by him that, Theres alot of diversification in lums when it comes to employment, a bunch of students only focused on management consulting throughout their degree and were able to land jobs in the middle east w a starting package of 1-2mil/months while a few are jobless, so in lums you’ll have to work on your career path and craft it out and lums provides you with an opportunity to do that and get into a field you’d enjoy working in
Nust is okay-ish as compared to Lums and Aku, their CS is good and youll land a good job after that

At the end it all comes down to how you’d like to spend your next 4-5 years 
If you want to move abroad after your degree and have a quiet life, choose AKU as youd settle abroad after your degree and things will not be as much difficult after that in terms of a stable income and career
If you have a thing for entrepreneurship, problem-solving and have the guts, go for Lums 
it also has a pretty good uni life you wont get to experience in Pakistan anywhere else
sister your post is nothing but  🧢 
Bro forget nust either go for lums or aku
was it necessary to mention (18f)? Why can't you guys get over your attention-seeking behavior? It's not cool anymore
Stop making issues out of nothing 
I  guess you gave her the attention she was seeking
not really, highlighting these people is the first thing and defending them is another!
Nothing to be highlighted  , there are security concerns for women in different reigons so it could have played its part in deciding where to go . + if writing 18f  gets you fast replies then what is the issue ? I am going to do the same
Islamabad ❤️ 18🤪😜 party
Lums is better for masters.

Nust is pretty good but seeing you can afford, I would definitely recommend lums.

AKU is hit or miss and you should only do medical if you are really interested. Doing it for the sake monies will mean you would feel miserable. Make sure you pay for lums before trying AKU.
What do you mean by LUMS vs. NUST vs. AKU? Are you in a car showroom, unable to decide what to purchase? You should know which is better for you. It seems like you're lost in a void: wanting to do CS but thinking it's saturated, having a national distinction in biology but always hating it. LUMS or NUST—which sounds better? Honestly, it sounds like you're being overly dramatic and not actually looking for genuine advice.

Frankly speaking, I even doubt your acceptance now. You got into LUMS' most competitive program and don't even know about its future prospects? That's kind of ironic.
bro chill out , itna frustratrated kiun ho ?
womp womp
Bro's triggered for no reason 
guess he isn't a clown 🤡
Bro got rejected I guess

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dckvgv/has_anyone_gotten_their_decision_today_or_in_the/
What the title says 😐
Few people have started to get their letters
I got mine like 2 weeks ago
Accepted?
Yes but I am trying to withdraw
Why? (If you don't mind me asking)
I got accepted to the university I was applying for abroad
Credentials
Mine?
Yes
8A*s olevel
A level Economics As a (I only gave one As rest are composites) 
I have 4 subjects and my transcript was all A*s
1420 SAT
plus volunteers for multiple NGOS
Along with singing on national TV and stuff
8A*s
Amazingg why wouldn't you get accepted 1st batch main
yes, my friend got his decision on June 6th - rejected
Cred?
Reallyyy? Credentials plss?
I’ve heard that they don’t really give rejections. Is it possible that there were discrepancies in his application ya kuch fake kia ho usne? Or maybe the creds were super low?
Few people have started to get their letters
I got mine like 2 weeks ago
Accepted?
Yes but I am trying to withdraw
Why? (If you don't mind me asking)
I got accepted to the university I was applying for abroad
Credentials
Mine?
Yes
8A*s olevel
A level Economics As a (I only gave one As rest are composites) 
I have 4 subjects and my transcript was all A*s
1420 SAT
plus volunteers for multiple NGOS
Along with singing on national TV and stuff
8A*s
Amazingg why wouldn't you get accepted 1st batch main
yes, my friend got his decision on June 6th - rejected
Cred?
Reallyyy? Credentials plss?
I’ve heard that they don’t really give rejections. Is it possible that there were discrepancies in his application ya kuch fake kia ho usne? Or maybe the creds were super low?




Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dc8b59/mba_2024_admission_results/
AoA, 

Has anyone received acceptance for the MBA program?
Nope
Nope. I applied for MS. I thought they would've shared results by now but as per my info, interviews are still going on so its unlikely we'll hear back from them before that. Possibly end of the month or after 20th we can start seeing some letters. Good luck.
All right, thanks.
No offence as i am an alevel student but why are you doin an mba in pakistan?, shouldnt you aim for a degree and career abroad after a bachelors in pakistan. I understand lums's history in buissness and finance but why would you do your masters from pakistan . It seems odd mate
This is just one man's opinion, but have you ever thought that going abroad is a privilege not everyone can afford? and now before you come at me with omg "LUMS is expensive as well". Privilege is not only being financially strong. Privilege includes personal and family affairs. NOT everyone can just leave because they simply want to. There are a million considerations, are you responsible for other people? Can you afford the standard of living while studying in a foreign country?

You need to understand that life has restrictions kiddo, not everyone has their father to pay for them, know that for you to even say this was privileged thinking. Respect people's lives they do their Masters from Pakistan with all due respect because life isn't all apples and candies, and regardless of what they really really want you're not just one human unless you're extremely entitled and selfish. Maybe life hasn't shown you what it can exactly take from and give you yet. I hope you stay happy, but don't be ignorant. Privilege isn't a luxury everyone can afford in life.

People have different priorities, and if someone wanted to they would've gone abroad but maybe LUMS for them is a damn good option and I hope they get in

All said just responding to your curiosity, no offense intended
Cool mate thats a nice perspective and i respect you bro. Of course the life thing is true maybe j havent seen that much yet conpared to you.  I am only 17 but yeah. I personally plan to pay for my own masters cause i domt believe in the parents paying thing , i may only require assistance with like thr flight ticket according to my simulations but through like 3 to 4 years of work and saving up i hope to end up somewhere great on scholarship or at leats a top 50 to 75 school so lets see but respect bro. Keep pushin mate
Wait till you reach 23-24...we also dreamnt of leaving pak before then.
Going abroad is not the solution to all of life's problem


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dc4me4/pakistan_cricket_team_has_failed_us/
I don't know what to say, I'm having a mental breakdown right now. I tried to break my LED twice but couldn't pull myself together. This pathetic performance has let us down. NIGGAS COULDN'T EVEN SCORE 50 OFF 50 BALLS WITH 8 WICKETS IN HAND. It's high time for the Pakistan cricket team to take retirement officially. This team doesn't deserve fans. They don't deserve anything. Biggest failure in the history of cricket. Imad and Iftikhar, you both cost us the match a lot. I resign as a PCT fan for good, can't deal with this sh\*t anymore 🙏
US BRO US - Istgg mental health already fucked hay caies Kay beech May kaha chalo smth to look forward to but what the fuck - yeh to apna hi stress bay wtfff honestly - ballers bay fulll haan mardiii and batters didn’t do shir itna slow itna sloppy ghatia tareen
True, though my mental health was already messed up because of the trauma from senior year, and now this disastrous match (only Naseem put in effort). Now I'm on antidepressants to deal with the shit
Broo Naseemmm shaheennn haris aamir Sab bay jaan laga Dee - 119 is litrrrr no target - we should na always bay first idgafff about the pitch anymore pitch ka faraqqq tab parayyy jab team hi kaam ki ho the batters screwed us over so badly - India played so horribly today - assholes ka ego boost hay fazoolll ka for no reason
yeah just give them luxury hotel rooms to live in, gourmet food to dine in, hefty salaries in their bank accounts and they be fine! They really played for themselves today, turning into a total embarrassment for the whole nation.
BAs hoogeya man - for the sake of ones sanity and mental health behtar hay Kay matches na hi daikhain
lesson learned
why are people not talking how chacha got out at a full toss ball in the slot that is usually his control spot
chacha traumatized us way too much
Correction: Pakistan BATSMEN
OMG! Relax dear. I know it hurts but don't get depressed that much. We already have a lot going on in our country to be depressed about.
Not worth it. When they dont care why should u
I always wonder what the f is wrong with the people who label themselves as XYZ fan. Bro life is beyond these clowns they are for your entertainment and you are putting them in such a position that they affect you mentally and physically. These games were designed to amuse kings. Big courtyards were organised for king's entertainment. When one team lost king of that time didn't broke those stadiums they just moved on to next game. Be a king bro. Life goes on.
this.
Us bro us… :(
😔💔
I feel you bruh! feeling so down that not even Lady GAGA songs can lift my mood up :(, is eid par chachy ki Qurbani ker deni chaiyay 😡 , this pathetic performance isn't bearable, only Naseem played well ( my man crying in the end coz of the miserable performance of the team ). I resign as a PCT fan too!
chachy ki qurbani jaiz hai filhal, kerdi chaiyay zaror 🤬
man n than i saw naseem shah crying like hgne k bad kon rota ha bc...rola to hame dia...

chorya pehnau..bazuo me zor kak ka nahi ha BS
gali bhi ab konsi dy banda inhy, only naseem carried their a$$e$ and put some effort, chacha or imaad ko to zibah ker dena chiaya bari eid par. Even rizwan disappointed us!
awi inpe hamara tax ka paisa zaya hota ha ghar bhetau BC
Not watching these clowns play again… enough
We can just say "ye kya hogya pai jaan" and move on 👍🏻
If a cricket match is having this sort of effect on you then you have bigger problems than a pathetic excuse of a sports team.
Don't pretend you're unaffected just to seem cool. Real fans feel the highs and lows.
You valid bro. I don't think I will be able to get out of this despair. 120 off 120 balls. 💔🙏
Need lots of weed and Narvent songs now😨😨😓
on my antidepressants rn, and I think need to take sedatives too, coz I can't sleep either.
fuck man. we should get a mandatory 'mental health' holiday after such a humiliation. Instead we are simply gonna continue with our work and sweep this problem under the rug, like we've been doing shit for last 70 years.


I know its just a sport but then it shouldnt cause a national embarassment. Then it gets personal.
I think we set our hopes too high for all of them, only to face disappointment and have our mental health fucked! They're casually visiting events in the US, living in luxury hotel rooms, and selling tickets for fans to meet them. What was the purpose of that training in Kakul? To witness this pathetic performance? And now, some former Indian cricketers are mocking us, not to mention the audience. It's high time for them to officially retire because we can't bear this national embarrassment anymore.
people who take cricket this seriously need serious mental help ☠️
The anger is 100% justified statistically even if the batting order played below average we could still have won if you see at the start the probability was 8% India 92 % Pakistan but they f up .


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dc3nc0/rise_internship/
It's a very dumb question. Where do I apply for the RISE internship? Can't find the application anywhere.
follow the link below  
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfaBzHnCTAWRxRqhJX2bBZex-6v22ofR27z72PbwFCPB6f14w/viewform?pli=1](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfaBzHnCTAWRxRqhJX2bBZex-6v22ofR27z72PbwFCPB6f14w/viewform?pli=1)
Appreciate it pretty much bro. Thanks!

Where is it actually available?just curious
on their web

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dbz6yp/lat_results/
Hey guys!! Any idea when will the results for today's LAT come out? And how are we supposed to proceed after that? Some people said some sorta key will be released, any people who've given it previously???
The copy of selected MCQs you took back today will help you to telly answers once the official keys are released and official result release after like a month
What is considered to be a good score on the lat? I just saw the key on youtube and i am expecting 78 marks. The gernal knowledge and urdu got me a bit hah,I studied around 5 hours before appearing. 
You just need to get 50 marks in order to pass nothing else
Key will be released within a week so ussay you can see according to the colour of your book Kay how many mcqs are correct if they are like 50+ then it’s ideal cause you’ve passed already essay ka comes baad May so overall baad May hota hay but mcqs say yk majorly

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dbreph/merit_scholarships/
Hey, Are there merit scholarship based on gpa door the successive years at LUMS.
yes. criteria is listed on their website.
what do you think is the minimum gpa for top 15 in sse and how difficult is it to achieve it?
i just finished my first year at sse. i think the cutoff will be around 3.95 for top 15. in terms of difficulty, almost all courses are relatively graded, so it comes down to how smart you are when compared to people around you.
MEANS VERY COMPETITIVE :)
And those who get it on admission, would also have to be in the top 15 to continue it?
yes
Ye toh phir Moye moye hai
Also can you post the link
I can't seem to find it
And those who get merit scholarship on admission, have to come in the top 15 to secure it for the next year?



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dbqqv4/interschool_transfer/
What's the procedure of transfer from sahsol to sdsb? And what are the chances of a successful transfer? 
Please please please tell me I need to do some important decision making😔
You need to take relevant courses and maintain a very high GPA of 3.5 or above to transfer to SDSB directly! Otherwise, it would be nearly impossible to transfer.
So if someone can maintain a gpa of 3.5 or above does that guarantee transfer to sdsb like without a doubt?or does this also depend on seats. And they can do this after their first year at sahsol right?
Is there a possibility that two people can switch seats? If they both want to?
Idk mayn☹️
Major Declaration and School Transfer applications open once a year, at the end of the Fall Semester (end of May). While each department can take a set maximum of inter-school transfer students, academic advising emphasizes quite vehemently to not count on school transfers because they cannot be guaranteed. So even though there is a chance of a successful school transfer, it is quite low. I wish you good luck!
Okioki thank you
No problem!
Hehe and one more thing, will I need to take an extra year in case of a transfer or not?
Probably, but I can't say for sure. But I found this condition: "The school transfer basis will be straight transfers only (i.e. CGPA of &gt;= 3.5 at the end of 1st or 2nd year) and will only happen if outgoing SDSB transfer applications which will be mapped with the incoming accepted transfer applications not exceeding the above stated numbers. In case there are no outgoing transfer applications then interschool transfers would not happen."

This means that there would need to be someone from SDSB transferring into SAHSOL when you submit your transfer application to transfer from SAHSOL to SDSB. If this is not the case, then your transfer would not happen.
Ah oki😔

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dbpgf5/will_i_get_into_lums/
Matric 88.8% and 88.4% in Fsc. I applied for Cs Lcat went pretty well haven’t got any response from lums. I just want to ask should i still hope or do i have any chances pls kuch batao tenstion hori hai.
Your best bet is being from a rural area or underprivileged. Also do you have any extra curriculars you Excel at ?
 I decided to take a gap year after my studies which I then utilized by traveling to islamabad where I attended multiple MUN’s such as BNA, BMUN, FROMUN and WMUN held by some of the best institutes in and around Islamabad. Further more i have been quite active in different volunteering projects involving helping under privileged children and taking part in cleaning drives, plantation projects around Islamabad. In addition my friends and I also organized ration drives all throughout the month of Ramadan. Also just wanted to ask jo rural area se hota hai uske less chances hote to get in?
You do have impressive extracurriculars, did you enlist them in your application ?
quite the contrary , LUMS has a quota for the underprivileged and rural students with much lenient acceptance criterias
Yes i did mentioned all of em in my application. Im just worried also do they sent any rejection mail or anything or have anyone you know got rejected yet
Lums Doesnt really send rejection mails . Just wait though
Yes they send me rejection
Really?
Yes
Can you send me ss if you’re comfortable sharing it
There are no quotas at LUMS whatsoever as stated on their website! However, the only exception is the NOP, which is designed for academically strong but underprivileged individuals from backward regions. Don't be fooled; academics are still the major criteria for evaluation.
Didn't say academics don't matter , they certainly do . And my bad for saying quota instead of nop , couldn't find the proper term

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dbnym1/lums_data_analytics_course/
I recently took the Fundamentals of Data Analytics course at LUMS CES. As a beginner, I found it to be a well-structured introduction of the field. The course covered essential aspects like data cleaning with Excel, database management with SQL, and data visualization with Power BI. The hands-on exercises were particularly helpful in solidifying the concepts learned. Overall, a good starting point for anyone looking to enter the data analytics field. Furthermore you 
can even start earning with this.
How different is it from a 13 USD Couse on udemy?
i didn't know about udemy course tbh
I'm just talking about taking a course on Coursera or udemy

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1db45qs/will_i_get_into_lums/
Sat score 1360
O level 8A* 1A 
A level 3A in as 
I have multiple extracurriculars 
I still have not gotten accepted nor have I gotten rejected I'm applying for CS.
I am asking because I don't want to study for fast or Nust entry test

Jazakallah
Good chance, just wait
Same man just be patient i guess, i have 2A* s and 6As and have a 1470 and Harvard CS50 as well but still havent gotten anything
You have a good chance for getting admission insha'Allah you will be there. but It is highly recommended to study for the Fast and Nust entry tests their CS program is the top notch so don't miss this chance.
I'm in the same boat:(
What was your second preferred school
Did you appear in their entry test, or are you overseas?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1db3r0v/first_time_sat/
Guys im giving sat for the first time in august. My grades in o level are 2a* 6as. I wanna apply at SSE probably chemistry.
I am currently giving As for chem physics and math will probably get abb or aab. 
What score shud i aim for to get into lums for sse. Honestly i dotn wanna go anywhere else except lums in Pakistan. Also what ecas shud i do in summer for better profile?
Aim for 1450 above for a safe chance. Also for ecas you could do community service internships or something according to your skill like graphic design or something.


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1db2pe2/gap_years_for_lums/
does lums take gap year alevel students in ug programs? if yes are 2 gap years allowed?? alevel exams given in both but could only meet the elgibility criteria in the 2nd gap year.
Even with multiple gap years, you can still be admitted if your academic profile is strong. A gap year doesn't automatically make you ineligible for admission. It's important to demonstrate that you used your gap years effectively. For example, I was admitted to LUMS during my second gap year :)
im a lums grad and i had a gap year too. hmu if u wanna discuss for guidance
Major?
Got accepted after 2 years gap year, it's possible
Yes it does. I have a gap year and got it. And yes they take people on 2 gap years as well if you utilized those years

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1db10ve/sat/
Is it possible to attain 1450+ on first attempt?
Also what methodolgy should one stick to?
The SAT is actually very easy if you have a good command of English and mathematics. All you have to do is practice, and you'll be fine. However, it really depends on the individual's understanding of concepts. I would suggest taking a mock test without any preparation, and you'll have an idea of where you stand.
It is very difficult  to score 1450+ in first attempt however if you have extraordinary English skills, and you are very proficient in reading, speaking English just like British people etc and also an expert at Mathematics, and you have practiced a lot from Khan academy (about 3-4 months) then you can acheive it. 

The best methodology to score Great is practice, practice and practice from platforms like Khan Academy. Note that greater the time you give for  SAT preparation, greater the SAT score.
I did give a practice test full length and i stand at 1310, for a 1500 plus how much practice would be required?
Start working on your weak areas. I struggled with the geometry section and paid more attention to it. Identify your weak and strong areas and focus on them accordingly. Practice and improvement are key. For English, start reading more. You can read any book or English novel in your free time. Learn how to effectively eliminate the wrong answers; this skill requires a lot of practice. Since it's summertime, it's the best time for you to work on it. Take practice tests regularly and you'll be fine. If you need any preparatory resources, you can DM me.
Make sure to go over Khan Academy's full course bro as well as the Erica Meltzer books. You also have the 6 full length practice tests on Bluebook, you can try doing one every 3-4 days. 2-3 months would be good for a score upwards of 1450. Good luck man.
I got 1500 in my first attempt
Definitely bro make sure to go over Khan Academy's full course as well as the Erica Meltzer books. You also have the 6 full length practice tests on Bluebook, you can try doing one every 3-4 days. 2-3 months would be good for a score upwards of 1450. Good luck man.
I got 1440 on my first attempt without joining any academy. 680 English and 760 Math. So, if you are good in English as in literature, it would be easier for you to attain 1450 plus provided that you are scoring well on the Math section.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1db0g7z/rant/
Admission decision email May ilaawa Sab email kar rahay hain 😔
Pareshan hona ,dar lagna sab natural hy.Ap kay sath aur log bhi wait kr rhay hain.Bas thora aur agay janay dou,dua kro and remain steadfast in your prayers.In sha Allah mail aa jai gi.Chin up budd
Apnay cred bata dou?
4as 3bs 1c 1250 sat sahsol Kay liay apply Kia hay - it’s a long shot v average but koi response ka wait hay jo bhi ho😔
Not bad creds alot of kids got in with these chill. Admissions come till July end so chill
dw, 4 years back when i got my acceptance it was 3 months late
Creds ? Bruhh

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dazuyo/what_score_to_aim_in_sat/
Aoa everyone,
I am currently in A1 and giving composite next year. I am giving the sat for the first time in coming august.
Considering I have 6A's and 2A*'s in o level what sat score at minimum should I aim for in August.
1450+
1610 minimum
Bhai na Mazak kar😢
Depends on the course you want to apply to at LUMS, but a good safe score is 1450+ imo
I think u should aim for 1600 so u can get 1450+
Was. 👏 I guess you can easily cross 1500
aim for 1500 above

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1daymgg/lums_decisions/
Did anyone hear back from LUMS SSE? Please share your credentials. I applied for BS Physics but didn't hear back as yet. 
nope i haven’t yet, can you please also share your credentials in dm
Which program did you apply to? 
I think ppl with applied sciences didn't get their decisions yet
Did you apply to SSE too? I mean they are really giving anxiety. 
I did but lol I have a 1250 sat. I applied to biology. One of my friends applied for bio too with a 1380 sat and didn't get in yet. I'm not taking any anxiety as my hopes are v low cuz of the SAT lol. But economics hojaye as 2nd pref
What were your grades? LUMS has a very random selection procedure. 
6A*s1A1B 85 fsc
Your friend didn't hear back as yet, too?
No wby what are your creds
?
They did lmao ik friends who got in(still waiting on mine). SSE has given out acceptances
My friend applied for chem engineering and got in
creds?
8A*s 1410
I got my acceptance letter in May for SBASSE
Major
I applied in Electrical Engineering as a priority. Alhamdulillah got in. However, u study core subjects on science in the first year and from the second year onwards u get to choose your major in accordance with merit, seats etc
Your credentials?
95% matric 
91% fsc 
LCAT and Scientific Aptitude Test went above average
Numerous and decent extra curriculars
Good personal statement
could you share your extracurriculars?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dax5nm/53_days_to_go/
Just have to be patient till 31st July. 
What happens on 31st july
No more acceptances
the world blast, all birds, animal and human die, we (as waiting for lums acceptance) die of heart attack, desperation, depression and frustration, rivers turn red, ocean dry up!!!! mountains turn into cotton balls, universe collapse and after that we take admission in fccu 🤦

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dasx8e/lums_current_students/
Hello, I got into SSE!

So I have two questions for current students or alumni. 

1. What are some activites that I must get involved in, what should our dealing with professors be like, and what networking and study tips would you give?

2. How should I utilise my summer break? Should I study computer science in the summer break? Will studying it be beneficial to me in uni or is it easy to manage as the professors teach it?

Thank you.
First of all, congratulations! The 4 years that await you will be rewarding yet challenging. So perseverance in the face of difficult times is vital.

1. Research and an insatiable desire to learn will take you far. The transition to the semester system was probably the most jarring for me, so my suggestion to you would be to revise on a daily basis. The support system that LUMS offers for students is amazing. TAs hold tutorials and office hours and professors also have office hours. So make use of them! Almost all SSE professors will almost always have their door open to students (literally), Dr. Tariq, Dr. Adam Zaman, Dr. Habib, Dr. Basit (Chem) just to name a few. 

2. For your summer break, I would sugget you to brush up on the basics from the book, C++ For Everyone. Freshmen at LUMS, regardless of their majors, have to study a set of core courses which includes Biology, Physics and Chemistry, etc. Also hone in your Maths skills if you feel you're a bit rusty but on the whole, don't worry too much about studying ahead. Try to spend this time reading books or learning a new skill because once the semester starts, you won't have time to do too much of anything else.

Good luck and congratulations once again!
Thank you!
LUMS students are indeed very intellectually smart, making me even more confident in my choice of LUMS.
Hello, you can reach out in dm. Im in my sophomore year at SSE.
what were your creds if you don’t mind to share?



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dak4vg/_/
Are result or out and now we’ll wait for rejection?
Decisions are expected to be made on a rolling basis until the end of July. Why can't you guys comprehend this?
ppl just ignorant bro
Its stressful be understanding
I understand, but repeatedly asking the same thing doesn't help with the stress.
yeah bro i understand im goin thru the stress aswell BUT ive seen ppl ask this qs 10,000x and everyone gets the same ans so j relax end of july tak decision ate rahain ge
people are kinda funny now a days

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dae9s9/making_the_most_out_of_summers/
Hi
I wanted to know what should I do in terms of academics during these vacations which would benefit me in the first semester of SDSB. Which courses should I look for, or which books should I read? If any senior here, please guide.
Bhai admission hogya ha sukoon kr thora ab
Bhai 7-8 ghante screen time se acha hai Kuch productive kar loon
reàl
nai mere liye 7 8 ghante screentime hi sahi ha
Good for you then
Bhai chill maar, agle 4 saal mei sirf parhai krni hai apne. I’d recommend learning an actual course. PM for more info
Depends. If you had Accounting/Economics in O/A Levels, then the first year would be a breeze for you. If you didn't, it wouldn't hurt to study basic o/a level accounting/economics  from either YouTube or course books.  Writing and Communication is another course you will be taking so if you are not a good writer and reader, you could also read a couple of books ( you don't have to force yourself to read non-fiction if you aren't into it, just pick up any novels that interest you.  You will also be studying excel in the second semester so if you really wanna go that far, you could also learn some basic excel  formulae from YouTube. Again, you don't have to do all of the above stuff but just pick and choose according to your liking and you will be good to go.
Is this for management sciences? Also i studied economics and accounting in igcse got As in both and economics, sociology, English in As and will most likely get As in all three so would that give me a huge headstart if i get accepted next year?
Thanks for the advice!
hey if u want i can send u link for A/O level accounting lectures
Sure
Read books, learn a language, learn some skills like video editing or anything just try few things and explore your limits. I am doing the same tho my acceptance is yet not here but I am hopeful it will come.
Thanks! You will also be accepted In Sha Allah
Op check out  LinkedIn there are so many internships out right now...apply for the colabs one or any other area that interests you
bro can u help me out in dm?
It's good you want to be productive but you're working in the wrong direction. Dump academics for the summer. Build depth in your personality outside of it. Develop niche interests or find hobbies that really excite you and go deep into them. People know so much about cars just cuz they like them or so much about films and filmmaking cuz it's their hobby. Toh find a hobby and pursue it. Play a sport snd become very competent at it. Start gymming. Read other things. Even develop a marketable skill koi udemy weghaira pei course krlo. 

Prhayi ko chor do bohut prhayi hai agei.
I appreciate your opinion. Coincidentally, I am also into cars. I watch reviews and other stuff because it interests me, but I cannot spend my whole day doing this. I am also doing an excel course from Udemy, but still I have a lot of time to spend. That's why I was asking for something which would help me in the upcoming years. Instead of working hard later on, I could use my time now for a smooth first year of uni. 



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1dacmdz/lat/
Is LAT difficult and how to prepare for it?
Secondly is necessary to pass the test to secure your admission for SAHSOL?
LAT is the most easiest entry test. With minimum preparation you can get good marks just you have to focus in General Knowledge portion of the test..... Secondly, If you want to do law in Pakistan from any university you have to pass it (secure 50%) as per the order of Supreme Court, If you won't pass it you cannot get admission in any law institute...So Basically its  a mandatory test for admission in law. One more interesting thing most of the universities (except a few ones) do not count the marks obtained in LAT Test in their merit criteria so you have to just pass it.
Alright, thanks
Hiii are u giving LAT tomorrow??? What's ur centre
Yes I am. Punjab college, Gulberg
Same....Punjab college ferozpur road 
How's tayari coz Meri koi khass tayari nhi
Bas tukkay maar Aya hun
Same😅

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1daafio/making_the_most_of_my_time_at_lums/
Hey everyone!

I've been accepted into SDSB.

I'm looking for advice from current students and graduates on how to make the most out of my time at LUMS. What are some must-do activities, best practices for academics, tips for networking, and ways to get involved in campus life?

Also, what are some things you wish you had done differently or any regrets you have? Any key learnings you picked up along the way?

Any insights or personal experiences would be super helpful!

Thanks in advance!
Great tennis court and swimming pool so try those out.

In the first semester, as around for past papers of courses you’ll be taking and do a lot of practice. You’ll have to keep consistent in studies at LUMS. You won’t go far if you plan on prepping a week before the finals like in AL/OL.

Join lots of societies in the first year. Then start being more selective in the succeeding years according to your interest and overall environment.

Looking back I probably would’ve paid a bit more attention to my courses/gpa. The first year is challenging in terms of networking especially if you’re a day scholar so join lots of societies. Since you’re in SDSB, you’ll have plenty of opportunities because your courses will have plenty of presentations and stuff so you’ll get to know people.

Idk key learning maybe would be to meet a lot of people but don’t necessarily open up to all of them. Not everyone is going to be sincere to you. You’ll know when u meet the good ones.

Have a lot of fun in orientation week cuz the weeks after that will be hell hahaha. XD
Same question for SSE computer science students!
When did you get your acceptance and what are your creds?
Got accepted in the first cycle. Creds : 6A\*'s 2A's 1400 SAT. Good PS
A levels grade?
ABB in AS but I think they will fall in A2.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da8y14/sahsol_to_mghss/
How difficult it is to get a transfer from SAHSOL to MGHSS?
Did you get into SAHSOL??
Yes alhamdullilah
Hi, when did u get in?
On 4th june
Congrats when?
Thanks
On 4th june
Ma Sha Allah Congratulations.
What were your credentials? And It was your first preference ?
Thank you. No it was my second preference after HSS.
3A* 5As in O levels with 1250 SAT and 4 As predicted in A levels.
I have a confusion regarding the Lums admission offers. Firstly, They update the admission portal about the decision . Secondly, They send you an email for admission and after that they send you admission letter through TCS Right ?
The email and portal update is done at the same time.
The portal will be updated and you will receive your conditional offer on it. Same hard copy of that conditional offer will be delivered to your house after 1-2 days.
Depends on your GPA and the relevant courses you took to determine the difficulty level. It also depends on the program you are transferring to and the number of vacant seats available.
If I get the right courses and maintain a decent GPA, will that be good?
yup you'll be fine then, and a GPA of 3.5 or above would guarantee your transfer afaik
???
Yes, it isn't that hard, probably one of the easiest inter school transfers in lums. Just don't forget to take relevant courses.
Great, thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da8jgb/masters_interview/
Hi has anyone here given interview for the masters program offered by SDSB? I have applied  for the masters in supply chain and retail management and I have my interview coming up. I need know what sort of questions do they ask and if you have any tips on how to ace the interview that will be highly appreciated.
It’ll be regarding your current job, your previous experience and whatever you wrote in your PS
Plus also, there might be questions from your bachelors degree as well
Got it! Thank you




  
please join and share any queries here..
Wait there was a first round? You're the only person I've seen called for MS AI interview so I thought it is the first round

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da67kr/does_lums_have_fall_admission_too_or_is_it_only/

LUMS opens admissions in october of every year and the deadline to submit your application is usually 31st jan. Last date to give SAT is march and you can add your result to the portal once you get it. once admitted, you start taking classes in fall of that year.

 LUMS only has one admission cycle per year. you can apply in the next admission cycle and for that you can give SAT in august, october, dec, march. I would suggest you start preparing now and give the one in october for the best result.
Ok so can you tell where can I prepare for SAT? What’s a good platform for it
Create an SAT study schedule, use high-quality prep materials, increase your reading speed (read novels or books in your free time, as it will help), identify your mistakes and weak areas, and start working on improving them. Use an effective strategy that works for you, attempt practice tests, be prepared, and give a second attempt if needed because for some reason LUMS really likes high SAT scores. If you need preparatory resources, feel free to dm me.
Khan academy is a great resource but it is not enough on its own because it doesnt have enough practice questions. for math, go for khan academy and the college panda book.

for english, go for erica meltzer books. 

Try to practice as much as you can. The black book was recommended to me by people who scored above 1500. 

Also attempt practice tests on the bluebook app. The SAT is not a difficult exam and you can score well as long as you practice consistently for 3 months at least.

[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WVGos0Ob9hNnnGb-SN6YEOgOS6SkNPS2?usp=drive\_link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WVGos0Ob9hNnnGb-SN6YEOgOS6SkNPS2?usp=drive_link) found this link on facebook. I think it has all the books I mentioned.
Khan academy has all lectures of SAT available right? So that’s enough for lecture stuff?
Yes, Khan academy is enough for lectures but tbh you just need extensive practice because the concepts are basic and would be a waste of time if not backed by practice. if you still find anything confusing you can refer to youtube.

I would also recommend watching random tips and tricks videos by people who scored well and are in ivy league etc. Its good motivation and you also learn something about the test strategy.
There are many free resources out there. Khan academy and several channels on youtube are the most prominent. But, in my experience, I've found all these outlets to provide very basic insight into the exam and strategies. The other good option you have is reading books of renowned publishers in this field. You can stick to any one of the books and if you're able to understand them well, you can do good in the SAT (can score an easy 1400 if you are able to comprehend the books). In my opinion, the best books out there are Erica's English books (for both reading and writing - latest editions) and collegepanda's book for SAT math. The last option you have is joining a prep academy, which can be quite expensive (matter of subjectivity). Most academies charge almost 5k more than the SAT exam fee itself. If you find the right fit there, then joining an academy might help you get a sufficient score as tutors tend to provide better insight into the exam and strategies to crack the exam. I offer an 8 week prep course myself at a very affordable price. Feel free to dm me if you're interested or have any questions. Hope this helps!
Read books based on SAT exam?
Well there are guides and instruction books for the SAT exam...thats what i meant

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da64zb/lums_rise_internship_2nd_cohort/
I have applied to lums rise 2nd cohort this year. I am a matric student and i don't have my 9th grade board exam results but they let me apply with my school results. My score was 94%. I have 7 coursera certificates too. Will they accept my application or not?
just send in the application and hope for the best!
I did but will i get accepted??
There really isn't a concrete way to figure out whether a student gets in or not. Just hope for the best!
Hey I wanted to ask for some tips.
I mean is it competitive? And is the research program hard???? Can you please help me with this and answer my questions??

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da5mdw/did_anyone_get_rejection/
Please share creds and school if you got rejected 
Yes someone did
Who?
A guy recently posted in sub he was claiming he was rejected, even attached a screenshot
Lemme search it in the sub
Can you plz share it with me
Please share it
Couldn't find it
Can u share it with me?
Yes do din pehle ayyi hy
Do you know his/her creds?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da5iak/life_sciences/
has anyone who had applied for pure sciences, gotten in SBASSE yet? haven't seen any who have. 
and which other universities in lahore* should i apply to as a backup, which offer Chem.E or pure sciences?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da4cvm/wrong_date_of_birth_on_the_school_exam_transcript/
My school doesnt give students the transcript and what they did was that when all the documents were uploaded on the portal they then added the transcript and sent the application right there on the spot. Ab mene kisi tara transcript nikalwai hai tou I noticed that my date of birth was wrong like mahina ghalat tha lekin date aur year wohi tha so I wanted to ask that will this problematic for the application? 
No, DOB apke CNIC sy he confirm ho gi just

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da452o/lums_nop_results_are_out/
My friend/collegue is selected for the LUMS NOP summer session. Please check your portal to see if you are selected or not. But i have problem. I did not receive any mail nor any update on the portal. please confirm if you are selected or not
Have you received any update ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da1w39/cause_of_death_lums/
do i have a chance? 
sat 1330
matric 96%
fsc 83%
applied to sdsb
gap year
13-14 ecas
decent ps

Such a lame cause of death

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9zoeq/hss_stream/
So I got into HSS...How do I figure out which stream I got into..it says BS/BA honors, that's it
In the conditional letter it will clarify.
its not clarified
If it's only written as Mushtaq Gurmani School of humanities and Social sciences, then you are in the Socio stream and not economics.
creds?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9wtkb/hss_eco_stream/
is 1290 a good sat score for hss eco stream and has anyone heard any recent acceptance from there?
It's quite low for LUMS overall, as the average SAT score is 1350 or higher.
It's on the low and
1270 got in 2 days ago with 5A* 1 A and 2 B's in o levels.
Bhai abhi toh ao kaha raha tha U got in SAhSOL ,please clarify brother
lol, I'm wondering the same thing! bro be cappin
😂😂
There was a guy who got in with 1270 SAT not me Apologies😂
cap
in the eco stream?
Yes
I got in with 1260 but i had also given LCAT
I received acceptance in april
Got into Hss Econ streams
Matric 97%
Inter Part 1 85%
SAT 1260
6 Rewards
8 Ecs (Business related, Personal business and Volunteerings)
Good PS
seen 1270 get in some weeks ago

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9rop4/stream/
How to know what stream I've entered into. Please help 
Open your portal and read the conditional offer. It’s written there
Thank You so much. I was so stressed out, thought I forgot to select the stream
No worries…wht stream did u get into?
Econ
Cool
Thanks
what were ur creds
1370 sat
6a*s and 2a's in olevels 
3a's and 1b in as 
A few ecas 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9q813/im_a_dumbass_and_need_help/
 i didnt want to go to LUMS initially (still kinda conflicted but oh well) i figured i had enough time and 12th ke boards ke baad dekhoun gi. now i didnt use my brain and at least check for the deadlines and stuff lekin its been a while that admissions are closed and now i dont know what to do. they dont offer a fall semester as well from what ive heard tou ab next year tak wait karun ? if yes, please tell me what i should do right now (aiming for Law). should i take the SAT now or is there something else i need to do. any advice would be really good tysm 
Yes take the SAT in the upcoming August/October. Applications open in Nov/Dec and have their deadline towards end of Jan. I would say try to get a good score in August, if you don't then register for another attempt in December if you can financially afford it.
thank you so much i'll try to give the SAT then
you can go in PU pursue llb 1 year and then i think by grapping a good GPA you can apply for migration to LUMS   but first check out whole procedure
If you wanna do law hi, take a gap and apply in the next cycle. You have plenty of time so work on your ecas and take the SAT whenever youre prepared, rush karnay ki koi zaroorat nahi. Preferably, try to give it in/before december so you have time to prepare for a second attempt just incase. You'll also have to give LAT since youre applying to Sahsol so consult a senior or someone whos giving one for the appropriate details
yeah im giving LAT this sunday. SAT and LAT ke ilawa is there any other test i need to go for?
Yar i just completed my freshman year last month, so there have been some changes in our batch there were some admissions in fall as well, so id suggest ke give the earliest sat jo bhi anay wala hai and keep checking the website for admissions in fall, other than that if you dont wanna do lums necessarily (which is kinda foolish its hella fun) u can join some uni affiliated w uol for law, baki goodluck and pm me if u need more assistance id be happy to help
LUMS ka ye masla hai ke id have to live in lahore which isnt ideal lekin if thats my best option tou guzara ho jaye ga. but i'll definitely reach out if i need help with the SAT. tysmm
Lol why isnt lahore ideal, also lums is like a little town, the hostels are fun and me being a day scholar kinda envy the life hostelites have
Hello all friends
I'd suggest ditch lums go for the external program it would save time and money taking a gap year for an already 5 year long degree isn't worth it at all external hogi bhi 3 year degree u save time money and additional u get to be a barrister not a sadda lawyer
this
for law Lums aren't worth a gap year! why don't try for best uni in your field?
my next best option is NUST and id be happy there but ive heard the law dept there isnt very good

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9pz03/seats/
Does anybody have an idea on how many seats are left for business and sbasse ?? 
No one knows
NO ONE CARES ABOUT A SINGLE VIOLIN
Well, not sure about others, but you seem to have a real fondness for orchestrating the symphony of misinformation! 🎻🎶 Keep the performance alive! 🎩
SAVAGE 😂

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9ojp1/the_cs_dilemma/
Hey guys. I plan on getting admission in BS CS this year but I don’t have really good marks. 53% in Matric and 71% In ICS part 1. I took stats instead of physics in ICS along with Computers and Maths. I am not eligible for Lums, fast and nust because of low Matric percentage and not eligible for GIKI either because of taking Stats. It is difficult to get into comsats. I gave test at FCCU but I don't know if I’ll get in so please recommend me some good universities in Pakistan for CS where I stand any chance. Please don’t suggest UOL, UMT, UCP!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9kccm/will_i_make_it/
im an a1 student in lgs jt. as of now, my sat is 1320 (ill reappear for it in aug didnt really studied for the 1320) my olevels result was 1 A* 5 A 5 B. i have a few inturnships and volunteers work of around 50 hours. was always a part of schools football team having plenty of certificates. a few directorate positions. although i have math chemistry physics and literature for my alevels , the chances of me applying to the business school are pretty high as my first preference(science school being the 2nd) . will i get in?
jt'24 here, if you arent planning on applying abroad id suggest that you just focus on your studies from this point forward. even if you are you'd need way better grades and sat to get in abroad as well. youll just have to increase your sat bring it upto 1410-1420. getting into lums is easy from jt just get a good sat and youre good to go.
will a score of 1400+ make up for my olevels result ?
1500+
aim for 1500+ because your o level grades are not up to the mark for either sdsb for sse. you have 6A/A* and the average is 8A/A*. i myself had 7 in o levels and got into sse only based on my sat (1500+)
Aim for 1500+ to compensate your olevels.
Nah the sat is way too low bro get like 1450+ and you are golden. Good luck at jt tho... Hope you survive.
how certain will my admission be considering i get around 1450. do i have to work on anything else too apart from maintaining my alevels transcript?
It would be nearly certain your olevels aren't that bad. I would say like 90 percent.



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da4cvm/wrong_date_of_birth_on_the_school_exam_transcript/
My school doesnt give students the transcript and what they did was that when all the documents were uploaded on the portal they then added the transcript and sent the application right there on the spot. Ab mene kisi tara transcript nikalwai hai tou I noticed that my date of birth was wrong like mahina ghalat tha lekin date aur year wohi tha so I wanted to ask that will this problematic for the application? 
No, DOB apke CNIC sy he confirm ho gi just

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da452o/lums_nop_results_are_out/
My friend/collegue is selected for the LUMS NOP summer session. Please check your portal to see if you are selected or not. But i have problem. I did not receive any mail nor any update on the portal. please confirm if you are selected or not
Have you received any update ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1da1w39/cause_of_death_lums/
do i have a chance? 
sat 1330
matric 96%
fsc 83%
applied to sdsb
gap year
13-14 ecas
decent ps

Such a lame cause of death

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9zoeq/hss_stream/
So I got into HSS...How do I figure out which stream I got into..it says BS/BA honors, that's it
In the conditional letter it will clarify.
its not clarified
If it's only written as Mushtaq Gurmani School of humanities and Social sciences, then you are in the Socio stream and not economics.
creds?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9wtkb/hss_eco_stream/
is 1290 a good sat score for hss eco stream and has anyone heard any recent acceptance from there?
It's quite low for LUMS overall, as the average SAT score is 1350 or higher.
It's on the low and
1270 got in 2 days ago with 5A* 1 A and 2 B's in o levels.
Bhai abhi toh ao kaha raha tha U got in SAhSOL ,please clarify brother
lol, I'm wondering the same thing! bro be cappin
😂😂
There was a guy who got in with 1270 SAT not me Apologies😂
cap
in the eco stream?
Yes
I got in with 1260 but i had also given LCAT
I received acceptance in april
Got into Hss Econ streams
Matric 97%
Inter Part 1 85%
SAT 1260
6 Rewards
8 Ecs (Business related, Personal business and Volunteerings)
Good PS
seen 1270 get in some weeks ago

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9rop4/stream/
How to know what stream I've entered into. Please help 
Open your portal and read the conditional offer. It’s written there
Thank You so much. I was so stressed out, thought I forgot to select the stream
No worries…wht stream did u get into?
Econ
Cool
Thanks
what were ur creds
1370 sat
6a*s and 2a's in olevels 
3a's and 1b in as 
A few ecas 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9q813/im_a_dumbass_and_need_help/
 i didnt want to go to LUMS initially (still kinda conflicted but oh well) i figured i had enough time and 12th ke boards ke baad dekhoun gi. now i didnt use my brain and at least check for the deadlines and stuff lekin its been a while that admissions are closed and now i dont know what to do. they dont offer a fall semester as well from what ive heard tou ab next year tak wait karun ? if yes, please tell me what i should do right now (aiming for Law). should i take the SAT now or is there something else i need to do. any advice would be really good tysm 
Yes take the SAT in the upcoming August/October. Applications open in Nov/Dec and have their deadline towards end of Jan. I would say try to get a good score in August, if you don't then register for another attempt in December if you can financially afford it.
thank you so much i'll try to give the SAT then
you can go in PU pursue llb 1 year and then i think by grapping a good GPA you can apply for migration to LUMS   but first check out whole procedure
If you wanna do law hi, take a gap and apply in the next cycle. You have plenty of time so work on your ecas and take the SAT whenever youre prepared, rush karnay ki koi zaroorat nahi. Preferably, try to give it in/before december so you have time to prepare for a second attempt just incase. You'll also have to give LAT since youre applying to Sahsol so consult a senior or someone whos giving one for the appropriate details
yeah im giving LAT this sunday. SAT and LAT ke ilawa is there any other test i need to go for?
Yar i just completed my freshman year last month, so there have been some changes in our batch there were some admissions in fall as well, so id suggest ke give the earliest sat jo bhi anay wala hai and keep checking the website for admissions in fall, other than that if you dont wanna do lums necessarily (which is kinda foolish its hella fun) u can join some uni affiliated w uol for law, baki goodluck and pm me if u need more assistance id be happy to help
LUMS ka ye masla hai ke id have to live in lahore which isnt ideal lekin if thats my best option tou guzara ho jaye ga. but i'll definitely reach out if i need help with the SAT. tysmm
Lol why isnt lahore ideal, also lums is like a little town, the hostels are fun and me being a day scholar kinda envy the life hostelites have
Hello all friends
I'd suggest ditch lums go for the external program it would save time and money taking a gap year for an already 5 year long degree isn't worth it at all external hogi bhi 3 year degree u save time money and additional u get to be a barrister not a sadda lawyer
this
for law Lums aren't worth a gap year! why don't try for best uni in your field?
my next best option is NUST and id be happy there but ive heard the law dept there isnt very good

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9pz03/seats/
Does anybody have an idea on how many seats are left for business and sbasse ?? 
No one knows
NO ONE CARES ABOUT A SINGLE VIOLIN
Well, not sure about others, but you seem to have a real fondness for orchestrating the symphony of misinformation! 🎻🎶 Keep the performance alive! 🎩
SAVAGE 😂

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9ojp1/the_cs_dilemma/
Hey guys. I plan on getting admission in BS CS this year but I don’t have really good marks. 53% in Matric and 71% In ICS part 1. I took stats instead of physics in ICS along with Computers and Maths. I am not eligible for Lums, fast and nust because of low Matric percentage and not eligible for GIKI either because of taking Stats. It is difficult to get into comsats. I gave test at FCCU but I don't know if I’ll get in so please recommend me some good universities in Pakistan for CS where I stand any chance. Please don’t suggest UOL, UMT, UCP!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9kccm/will_i_make_it/
im an a1 student in lgs jt. as of now, my sat is 1320 (ill reappear for it in aug didnt really studied for the 1320) my olevels result was 1 A* 5 A 5 B. i have a few inturnships and volunteers work of around 50 hours. was always a part of schools football team having plenty of certificates. a few directorate positions. although i have math chemistry physics and literature for my alevels , the chances of me applying to the business school are pretty high as my first preference(science school being the 2nd) . will i get in?
jt'24 here, if you arent planning on applying abroad id suggest that you just focus on your studies from this point forward. even if you are you'd need way better grades and sat to get in abroad as well. youll just have to increase your sat bring it upto 1410-1420. getting into lums is easy from jt just get a good sat and youre good to go.
will a score of 1400+ make up for my olevels result ?
1500+
aim for 1500+ because your o level grades are not up to the mark for either sdsb for sse. you have 6A/A* and the average is 8A/A*. i myself had 7 in o levels and got into sse only based on my sat (1500+)
Aim for 1500+ to compensate your olevels.
Nah the sat is way too low bro get like 1450+ and you are golden. Good luck at jt tho... Hope you survive.
how certain will my admission be considering i get around 1450. do i have to work on anything else too apart from maintaining my alevels transcript?
It would be nearly certain your olevels aren't that bad. I would say like 90 percent.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9iy5y/help/
Did we only had to submit the attested result card for metric and fsc part 1 or the certificates were also needed to be submitted by 30 May. 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9hi89/query/
Is there a chance that more acceptances from the Sbasse could still be released, or have all acceptances already been sent out?
Still chance.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9gns5/nop_2024_decision_are_out/
Hey, all those who applied for NOP 2024, go nd check your portals, whether u got the result or not. If got accepted, just dm me. I'll add u in WhatsApp group
What is NOP?
National outreach program... A scholarship program that lums offer... One can Avail upto 130% aid
are there any late announcements or the result of every scolar is announced?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9g698/accepted/
Hey everybody…I got accepted but am confused now. My first pref was sdsb and second was mgshss. When applying I wasn’t aware abt the streams scene(am goof) and I went for the social sciences stream. Now I got conditional offer for hss but I’ve heard that we can transfer our program. So just wanted to ask what is the probability of that if I try for sdsb or just the econ stream. And yea if in worst case I couldn’t transfer and have to pursue with the same stream so what are the future prospects of the social stream. Really stressed out rn so any kind and genuine suggestions would be appreciated. Ty
You cannot change streams once chosen and you are given admission and getting a revised  offer to sdsb is very very rare .
So would u suggest going for the social stream…coz I don’t know a thing abt it.
He's right, switching to sdsb from any school is almost impossible.

Having said that, I think you should consider the Economics degree in HSS, especially if you're comfortable with math. Although SDSB has a slight edge in the job market, HSS Econ is still very close to it. And in general, being an Econ graduate of 2023, there are 3 advantages i fan present of doing it over SDSB's MGS (If you want to do ACF then that's completely different):

1) You learn a lot more. SDSB's MGS is pretty bland and doesn't offer a lot of depth (because honestly there isn't much in the subject itself) 

2) Econ gives you more choice. MGS students are often tied up with too many course requirements, having les room to explore. With the Econ program, the degree requirements are less so you get to choose your remaining courses freely. Many people I know were able to get a minor in a field of their choice like Politics, Psychology, Computer Science alongside Econ. I myself did a minor in Computational Finance from SDSB.

3) HSS is better if you want to do a masters abroad. MGS is better for the job market in Pakistan. Altho u can do both things with either of them, I'm just highlighting where the programs have a slight edge over each other.


However, do look into the nature of the subject. General rule of thumb for Econ: It's quite fun if you like math but equally tough if you don't.
That’s quite brief tyy
I can't suggest you to attend or not , look into the subject you are going to study , if it excites you then do but if you feel that you are not interested  in it then it would be better to explore ur interest and do what you like the most .don't worry about future growth every major has future growth if utilised properly .
Okay I’ll do check abt it..thanks alot
You can change stream,  but is considered to be difficult. From what ive heard u need to have a gpa of over 3.5 plus to change ur stream so yea. This happens once the classes have started and you can then apply to switch your stream
Good to hear ty…but can u plz guide me abt the future prospects of social stream
Im not so sure...but i can give u a general outline. So the thing is that it is COMPARATIVELY difficult to get a job from doing this degree than it is with other degrees, but it's definitely not impossible, at least thats the case with Pakistan. If you go for social stream, then i highly recommend doing masters in some area abroad and getting settled abroad. There are a lot more and better opportunities outside, especially for social stream. So if you plan to stay in Pakistan, then yes future prospect ls are not too good, but abroad...you'll defs find better opportunities there
That’s helpful buddy
Hello, from 2027 you cannot change streams. You cant go from social sciences to econ
Transfer to SDSB is very difficult, not just because of the academic requirements but because of unavailability of seats as well. In social sciences, the top two majors are Econ &amp; Math and then Econ. You can explore about these and nevertheless take courses from business school as per your interest and their availability.
just to let you know, in lums' current policy for hss you can't switch from social sciences to econ
Oky I’ll think upon it then
My first pref was sse and second was hss. I initially got an offer for hss but they revised it later and sent one for sse too. Don’t ask why but now I’m trying to transfer to hss and it’s a tricky process but I do have hope. Just a few pointers 1) An inter-school transfer is possible but a genuinely difficult process. If you come to hss and know for sure that you want to transfer out to sdsb or any other school, then start planning from day 1. Meet with academic advisors; pick courses VERY SMARTLY; design your whole graduation plan in the first semester and use it as a guide for your transfer plan; meet with seniors who’ve transferred and have them help you through the process (if you end up here, I can assist you with that); discuss your transfer plan with certain professors (in the stream u want to transfer to) so they can maybe a word for you during the process. It’s a difficult process but if you can hack it, and devise a plan from the start then your chances do increase significantly 2) The social stream isn’t all that bad. A lot of my friends are earning well. You again just need to have a clear head from the start. If you spend your 4 years here smartly, do internships, join student bodies/ societies, get a job in the summers (maybe like working at the lums daycare), maintain a decent cgpa, etc. you should be good to go when you graduate. The central idea is keh if you’re graduating with an hss degree you just may need some prior planning and extra effort (during your degree) to level the field once you graduate. Don’t have a lot to say for this second point but you can reach out for a more detailed conversation if you want
Congrats on the acceptance. Did you just receive it? Also what were your creds?
Thankuu..nah I received it on 4th of june. My creds are 1350 sat, 89% matric, 79% fsc, decent ECs and above average ps.
Gap year?
Yep
Same case with me, got my second pref of hss (social sciences) stream but I wanted to pursue the econ maths one instead
Getting a revised offer for SDSB is not as rare as you think. Many of my friends got admission into HSS first and then later a revised offer for SDSB. They usually send it out towards the end of the admission cycle when people who are going abroad start rejecting LUMS conditional offers. So don’t lose hope.
Let’s hope

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9fyx0/double_majors/
Can u do double majors at lums I want to do a double major in law and economics what would be the procedure to do so plus would I have to pay like double for example 13lac each 
Yes you can double major and yes you will have to pay more.
You would need permission from RO .. and take a lot of courses ... maintain CGPA. RO and depts set the terms.
Yes, you can pursue a double major. The specific process is outlined in the student handbook, which you should receive during the first week of university.
The maximum tenure for a double major is 6 years, but you can also complete it in 4 years. Essentially, you must graduate within 6 years of being enrolled. I'm not sure if the requirement is different for law students, as their degree normally takes 5 years instead of 4.

you need to take up a minimum of 160 credit hours (your normal degree will be done in about 130), while completing the requirements for both your majors. You'll need to take more courses than your peers to complete your degree, and it's going to be hard, but there's a larger caveat in doing a double major: you'll have to give up on some advanced courses and won't be able to go into depth for either of your majors, you'll only be doing the minimum requirements for each major.

If that tradeoff is okay with you, then go for it. But this isn't something you have to decide right now. Spend the first year getting the hang of everything and you'll know whether or not you want to go for a double major. IMO, you should choose based on whether or not it will help you after you graduate; doing a double major just for the sake of a double major won't be worth it because it's a lot of effort. You'll have plenty of time to think about it and a lot of good faculty to discuss your options with, so don't worry about this stuff right now.
You’d prolly have to spend a semester extra because the number of credits required for graduation increase if u want to double major. You won’t have to pay double(you’ll get it when you get in) but definitely a bit higher ( with a single major you would be paying for 130 credit hrs and for double major ig 150 credit hrs)
Its 160 for double major
I just found out that students enrolled in B.A LLB (honors) cannot double major, but they are able to pursue minors and free electives. Additionally, it's not possible to double major in law or from the law school.
You can do a double major but not sure if u can do 2 majors from 2 different schools.
I don't think you can do that .  Courses offered my the schools are only allowed . E.g economics  and mathematics  , economics and political science.  Etc
. I heard  you can do minors from other schools .
That isn't correct. You can double major.
Definitely not true, that's a blatant lie

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9fldm/ecas/
Does anyone know what ecas i could do that would help in my admission in rawalpindi??(not sports related or muns)
Internships. Community work. Online courses. Blogging. Tbh anything creative or productive ( with easy evidence).
What type of online courses and from where ?
Any type. Mostly coursea is good but any other platform would work. 

Investing in a few cheap courses wouldn't be bad( pay to get the certificates).

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9fjue/does_anyone_have_a_rough_estimate_of_how_many/
im shitting bricks 
Don’t worry they acceptances come as late as july/august. Many people don’t join in and you get ur seat

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d9f7d4/will_lums_offer_formal_guidance_about_what/

A little later down the line, you will be assigned an advisor who will help you navigate these questions. For the first term, it should be pretty obvious what you should be taking.
i heard u have to be quick bcoz some courses run out of seats pretty quickly so i dont wanna miss out on an essential course bcoz of misinformation
Yes, you have to be quick. You won't get every course you want to take.
yea that’s why i wanted to know if there are specific ones i should prioritise
 Before your first enrollment you'll be assigned a peer advisor who you can ask for advice. Uske illawa you can check the handbook for more details on the courses you need for your major. There's also other courses you have to take alongside your major courses and you'll get more info on that in o week. You also get an academic advisor who'd help, though they're assigned during the first semester, after your first enrollment. Abhi tension lene ki zaroorat nahi hai, you'll figure it out when you get here. I just got done with my soph year and am doing pure econ, tou if you have questions about the econ side, you're welcome to pm as well!
oh thanks so much, i do have a few questions 😅
idk if you’ve taken econ in o and a levels, i have and i enjoyed both times even though i couldnt give it as much effort bcoz of my other subjects so is it similar when it becomes a major bcoz i’ve heard it gets so hectic that ppl end up giving up on maths totally to just focus on it
Yeah I did have econ in both o and a level and i enjoyed it too. Since I never intended to do econ math, I didn't really focus too much on the math courses, but for me econ hasn't gotten too bad yet and I have enjoyed it abhi tak at least and ive been able to give time to my non econ courses too. I've only taken calculus 1 as a math course but I think if you do plan well enough and are lucky enough to have enrollment go well, tou ho jaane chahiyen math courses bhi. I don't know the econ math ka exact breakdown but if you're able to divide them up evenly across your 8 semesters tou itna masla nahi hona chahiye
I think they have academic advisors
once you get access to the student handbook for 24-25, there’s a sample four year plan available for each major that u can consult. moreover, once you are added to the lums discussion forum, u can ask seniors as well.
If u’re doing econ math major from sse, yes you will be force enrolled otherwise it’s on a firts come first serve basis. Secondly, the enrollmenet is very intrucately designed, the freshman get preference in introductory course enrollment and people related to that major get preference over the others.
i got in hss economics stream and my first choice major was econ-math, also if ur aware whats the difference between econ-math from hss and sse
So, you’ll get a handbook which would have sample 4 year plan ( a recommendation) and you’d be enrolling by yourself in those courses. If the courses are crucial for major declaration and you don’t get those courses, you can always talk to the advising unit and ask them to force enroll you. As for the sse vs hss thing, as a freshman in sse you’d be declaring major by the end of first year and hss by the end of second if i’m not wrong? And as a student from sse you would have to take bio,physics,cs and chem courses too as a freshman but in hss you’d be having a liberty pf choosing more free electives. After second year i guess the degree becomes mroe or less identical
so i’d have to take other stem courses even tho they have nothing to do with econ and math?😭
Yepp fiest year is kinda foundation year here. I’m a cs major but i had to take courses like: Modern Physics+Mechanics 
Chemistry and Chem Lab 
Introductory bio + bio lab 
Engineering Lab 
Despite these courses having no relevance to my major
oh then i think its because you have a pure stem major as those subjects are also compulsory to get enrolled in sse in the first place if i’m not mistaken
i come from business grp in o and a levels and maths is the only stem im taking 
guess i’ll see when i get there😅
Also here at lums it’s compulsory to take atleast 3 courses in 4 year span from outside your school. It kinda follows liberal arts style
Don't worry, you'll be assigned to a PAL, who is a student whose senior to you. LUMS will assign you to your PAL in order to get guidance about anything. Im in my second year at lums, feel free to dm
thanks!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d94vlk/transfer/
Is it possible to transfer from a medical college to LUMS Science School, given that I do not have SAT scores.
I would suggest asking LUMS directly
No, because there is no transferable credits

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8v7yv/as_student_advice/
I'm currently in AS and expecting 3As and i have 6As 2B in o levels along with an internship at a national incubation centre and participated in YLES (In lums), what SAT score should i be aiming for a good chance in SDSB and  any general advice on how to maximise my chances thankyou 
You should aim for SAT score of 1400+
1450 cross krjao you're in.
1500+ lelo kisi ka baap bhi nai rok sakay ga🗿
Shouldn't be impossible if i study a bit I'm good in both English and maths 650 dono kai practice test mai awin agaye thay bina parhe
yup its not impossible especially if you have a good grip on english. 1500+ pe tou i believe you shouldn’t worry about your awards and ecas (unless you want a merit scholarship). 1400s mei bhi admission ho jaye ga but behtar hai to have some ecas and awards then too.
Appreciated man will let you know on what i get by October IA
real advice: your o level grades are low, less than the avg of 8a, as don’t hold a lot of weightage. aim for 1500+ to have the best chances because sdsb is really competitive and be sure to keep backup options open

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8uft1/advice/
Hey! If u have opted for humanities stream when applying in mghss, is it possible to be able to switch to the economics stream later in the year?
I’ve got the same qs…lemme know when u hear something helpful
You would have to apply for transfer
When you apply, the specific major you choose won't be your final major. After completing two full years at LUMS, you can declare your actual major. Until then, you'll be "undeclared," and you can take courses in subjects like anthropology, literature, economics, and politics etc. You're not locked into the major you chose when you applied. However only a limited number of seats are available for the Econ-Math major, so you need to maintain a high GPA and take the relevant courses in your first two years. Don't worry about choosing a major right now; there's still plenty of time for that. You'll have the opportunity to pursue your desired major at the end of this process :)
Heyy, thank you for replying, what if I want to go for eco and politics
I don't think it is like that, if you've applied in the history/English/pol science wali stream then you'll not get economics/econ pol/econ math. You can transfer but then that's fate. Never rely on transfers as there's no certainty that they'll happen.
Then you're misguided, LUMS does provide the privilege to their students to take free electives and explore multiple streams to discover what they really like doing, instead of being stuck with the same field or major for the entirety of their degree. Therefore, for the first two years at LUMS, your major is undeclared regardless of school and major. For reference, visit the link below where HSS students are saying exactly the same thing that I have mentioned in the above comment.  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/nnd3s0/can\_i\_transfer\_to\_the\_economicsmaths\_department/](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/nnd3s0/can_i_transfer_to_the_economicsmaths_department/)
Last year the policy has been very strict. Now when one applies to Hss it shows 2 options either anthro socio stream or the econ stream. The student can choose between anthro socio, history and English. Not economics. The student will have to transfer.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8q3eq/rant/
Sahsol iss saal koi bachay Nahi chahiyain ?? 
Real
I’m genuinely confused - ya to there aren’t enough kids here or maybe the ones who had to get it got it
Mujhe bhi yahi tension but ig they may be waiting for LAT
but like LAT ka baad May bhi denay ka scene hota hay - idek what they’re on
Pata nhi koi qasm khaye hui lums ne tang krne ki
Bohat ho gaya bro 😭😭😭😭decision ka jawaabb Denay May idk what’s so technical
Agai kall kafi bacho ki i got mine yesterday aur  kafi logo ka sunna maine  kall k agai
HSS aai hay kal bohat - sahsol ka I didn’t hear but if you say so aai hongee - congrats btw - chalo apna chance to Waisay bhi kam hi hay so nvm
Bro stay chill ye lums bohut unpredictable i  had lost hope kall kuch aur dekh raha tha saw an email from lums thought phir se manhoos survey bheja hoga turns out it was the acceptance letter august tak ati rehti inshallah ull get in too
survey wali baat real ahhaha - congratulations and ty 🤍
What were your creds?
5A 2A* 1b 1310 sat
a levels?
Giving composite
Har saal asy late ati SAHSOL ki usually

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8pvr6/lums_mba_interview_results_update/
So I had my MBA interview recently, and after I got done with it I asked the guy who was calling us in for the interview by when we can expect to hear back from the admissions team. He said pretty soon, initially he said within a week but then said that would be pushing it, so hopefully in 2 weeks or right after Eid. I asked him how he was so sure and he said he manages the admission department (I think that's what his designation was) but he was manager of the admission or the administration dept, so I think he's a pretty decent source. Now idk if they will actually follow this timeline, but let's wait and hope for the best!

Just wanted to let any other applicants know about this update since LUMS refuses to share anything and I know how anxious we all are. Best of luck with your admissions :)
I believe decision are on rolling basis. So some would receive it earlier than others depending when their interview was conducted. Khair let’s see. Been a while now since the interview. Hoping for the best
Yeah I'm not sure if he meant they'll start rolling out decisions in 2 weeks or if people in my cohort will hear back in around 2 weeks. Either way, let's hope we get our acceptance emails soon
Btw when was your interview?
21st
Yours?
4th June
Mine was on 4th as well. How did yours go ?
How was your interview?
I have no idea. People I've talked to about it are saying i did well, but I'm not so sure myself and I don't want to get any hopes up until I hear back from lums
What about you, when was your interview and how did it go?
I’m a lums grad dm if you have any questions
Which school
SDSB
My interview was quite horrible. Still waiting for the email.
Why what was your interview like?
They grilled me like a kebab. I am an alumni, so was expecting a little. Not like this tho.
Hey my interview for masters is coming up so can you please share a little about your interview. What sort of questions did they ask and how did you prepare for the interview?
Your MBA interview? When is it??
It’s not masters in supply chain not MBA. It’s on 10 June.
The interview I had consisted of questions from my application, current affairs, and one mathematics question. They didn't ask me a lot of technical questions and the first question was for me to introduce myself, which is a pretty standard question for all interviews. Idk how it'll be different for your program tho. 


If you want to know more about my interview questions or if you need to discuss anything else you can always DM me :)
Thanks a lot for clearing some of my doubts. I’ll reach out to you if I have anymore questions.
Hey I gave interview for MS supply chain on 27th May. You can ask me if you have any queries
Hi can you please share what did they ask you? If you remember any specific questions
Thanks for sharing

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8pdj8/alhumdulilah_got_acceptedbut_theres_a_lil_problem/
I have been accepted at Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities and Social Sciences (MGSHSS),  Now the only things that been troubling me is that the required average grades LUMS demand are 1 grade above what I'll be most likely getting in my A level exams😶‍🌫️. 

So if I don't make it up, will I be kicked out or there can be certain exceptions. So I need your humble opinion and any sort of information if anyone can share. 
yes you’ll be kicked out. last year they allowed people to sit the oct/nov exams to retake a levels and join in the second semester, but i don’t know whether they’ll do that this year
Aren't there any exceptions, 1 grade below the desired one ? Well let's see.
nope they’re pretty strict about this. i mean to be real with you BBC isn’t tough
ha ha ha. BBC isnt tough at all if you studied 2 years.
Studying 2 years would definitely get to much higher than bbc lol and not studying can land you to a bbc
well how about, giving composite, and studying 2 weeks?
💀💀💀
you can get a bbc if u study a 2 3 months man
shut up.
I personally know personally who went in resit exams and yet was not able to get the grades thus he went to Fast
Congratulations! What were your credentials
Pretty mid being honest
can u please share them tho
You'll not make it to lums, altho last time they allowed students to sit in Oct/Nov but that was due to uncertainty in A level exams
So with low grades I won't be making it.....I see. Do you have any exceptions LUMS makes?
Nope, I don't think so, but hope for the best, you might get one grade up in the rest of your subjects that might compensate for the bad grade.
same got in SDSB im sure i wont make it.
No exceptions whatsoever
Lums is very strict about the criteria last year they made an exception cause caie fked up and every uni lowered their reqs so lums said u can retake but thats an exception
when did u get acceptance and creds?
Yesterday and creds are just mids
Yesterday and creds well they're mid
If you can't meet the BBC criteria, you will not receive acceptance.
Nope. You will be kicked out if you don't get the grades they require.
I was also thinking the same but see thresholds, they gave me a ton of hope. Maybe they can help you too. Like B in subject like chem is on 150/260
What were u olevels ans SAT
Hey dear, 
I have a question that do LUMS update the admission decision on the online portal and send an email of offered admission ?  
And then they send the admission letter right ? 
Bro ignore the comments I know people who got in with low grades lol just try to find some ‘contacts’ ifyk
It depends. BBC on average us a requirement. So if you have an A you can afford to have a D. Only best 3 subjects are considered.
What about 3C's, I'm guessing I'm out then 💀
Yes :(
Why would you even think you'd get into an elite university with 3 Cs?
lums to bohat elite hay, bohat bohat ziada. its like MIT you know. better than that ig?
No but thing is it’s a well reputed uni which means most of the high scoring people would be applying here( some applying as a backup if they don’t get into foreign unis) and the seats are limited. This makes the competition really hard
han sahi keh rhe ho ap yar. sahi keh rhe ho. bilkul sahi
lums is like MIT?☠️
better than mit

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8kyt1/summer_vacations_2/
Having received an overwhelming response on my previous post. It makes me incredibly happy that people on this sub reddit are actually serious about their life and want to achieve big things. Something which has been missing in majority of the people in this country.

I’d ask more people to come up and talk to me about exploring different opportunities. Lets do this!! 

Mission financial independency 2024 ‼️

In case someone is unaware what I’m talking about. Refer to this post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/s/aF0TBXIkiY


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8kueq/only_for_sahsol_people_who_applied_for_financial/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d8kueq)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8j7p7/i_have_a_question/
So after A level exam results few students who don’t meet the BBC requirements. What happens to their acceptance like do their acceptance are given to like those whose decision is not yet announced? I mean some may be given as revised offers but what about the others.
It goes to wait-listed ones
Your acceptance will be revoked if you do not meet the requirements, and your seat will be given to those on the waiting list.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8ikjw/for_econ_students/
Is Econ really a hard major? I have got into HSS in Econ stream, and I, being a science student, don't have any prior experience of Econ. So are there any things you would recommend me to study before coming to LUMS or is it easy to manage?
I also had sciences before joining HSS, Econ is not a super hard major and you’ll get to study econ100 in your first semester which will really help you learn all prior knowledge that you’ll need for future courses. Id suggest you take it with Nadia Mukhtiar

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8gycj/o_level_in_3_years/
Will lums reject my application if i have given o levels in 3 seperate years? for example, i appeared for 3 subjects in may june 2022 7 in may june 2023 and have just given my AS level in may june 2024. however i feel like my O levels are not lacking a bit so i was thinking to give 2 easy A star subjects in oct nov 2024. However this will show 3 seperate years on my transcript so will this nullify my admission as
i heard it somewhere? 
Someone please urgent confirm
Absolutely not! You idiot. No one will. Your grades matter, personal statement, overall profile and A levels. Not that when did you give you exams.
No bro, we covid ppl were forced to give them in 3 different series. June 20, july 21 and oct 21
that was 3 series but 2 years. I will have 3 different series and 3 different years. My only worry is lums might think im so dumb that it took me 3 whole years to do o levels
Doesn’t matter much tbh. People with gap yrs kindof have same situation yet they get in

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d89810/pls_respond/
okay so lol I’m one of the people awaiting a response - just a response plsss - how many acceptances for Sahsol !????
pretty less ppl are accepted in sahsol for now, so dw, you'll get your acceptance soon
let’s see 😔😔😔😔things done my come to me easily thankuuu tho
It's been forever and a day since I've been waiting for SDSB
IA you’ll get in🤍🤍🤍
Hamay kesay pata bhai😭
May bhi andaazayyy say hee pooch rahi hoon bhai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d89086/chance_me/
I got 3A* 6As and 1 B in olevels my Alevel predicted grades are 2As and 2Bs my Sat score is 1220. My personal statement was approved by a professional councillor and i have 6 extra curricular activities and 4 other internships in good companies in finance and management. The schools i applied to are SDSB and HSS. Do u think i will get accepted.
SAT scores are bit lower, but Lums is unpredictable
sdsb probably no, hss probably yes.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d86yc0/lat_prep_help/
Fellow SAHSOL people, just wanted to know how are you guys preparing for LAT. I’ve checked the past papers so I’ve got an idea that the test is very simple and all, sill wanted advice regarding how to prepare for it. 
I've notes for that
Hi can u also provide me with those notes?
Dm
Msged....pls do send them... thanks!
Hiii where did u see the pastpapers from?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d86js8/mghss_acceptancesse_revised_offer/
Hey so i just got accepted today i didnt check my portal but i recieved an email at around 8 20 that i recieved a conditional offer after which i checked it . Ofcourse as you already may know by the title it wasnt my preference and i wanted to get into sse cs. It still isnt and i dont plan on taking anyone's spot at the school however i do want to know if i have to pay the fee in order to get a chance at a revised offer or will i be sent one regardless cuz i did get into lums conditionally. For those who will ask my creds were 1400 sat 4A* 3A 1B olvl and BBC alvl ( yes i am a gap year student). And will i get the full refund if i pay the fee but cancel my admission in the first week or the week before orientation week starts. Thanks.
Best is if contact addmission  office , secondly I personally don't know how revised offers works like if I wanna do engineering  and end up in sdsb or hss , I pay the fee what is the gureentee I'll end up in sse?
Hmm there is no guarantee also they don't refund the whole thing 1.5 lac for admission is non refundable in any case even if u withdraw ur admission before the university starts.
Yes you need to pay and yes you will get refund minus the admission fee.
I am not really sure cause you do get a deadline to pay the fees so it's best to just call lums. Secondly if you are deserving you can still receive the revised offer letter after submitting your fees but it's a risk.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d855bm/does_anyone_got_a_decision_regarding_nop/
Assalamualaikum fellow good people, I wanted to ask that does anyone got the decision regarding NOP yet? I am very anxious so please tell me.
10 june
Really? 10 June is the date? It is very near then. Allah behtar kare ga.
Hn it is what's mentioned on Lums website...
Hey go and check your portal, some dudes got acceptances
Oh really? That's good to hear. I have checked my portal, the tab named SCS Invitation one, there is nothing regarding my decision there yet. Tbh I am very anxious. Lets see what future has in store for me.
Keep checking, nd when u get that, just dm me. I'll add u in successful candidates wtsp grp
I will certainly inshaallah
Do you have any update ?
Yes bro, I got denied unfortunately or fortunately may Allah make it like it. You can check it on portal
Sorry for you. I can't find it on my portal. Am I missing something? Is there any tab for it ?
Well there are three uneven lines on the top right of the page. Click it and swipe and touch a button names SCS Invitation Status.

Here is the link maybe it will help you. 

https://nopscs.lums.edu.pk/application/nop-status.php
Yup I got rejected too. Thanks for the help tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d8293x/risk_internship_program/
Any previous candidates or anyone who has applied this time? would love to conect
im applying this year!
if you're talking about RISE
heyy what are your creds like?
RISE?
research internship for A level students

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7ztu0/lat/
I'm so afraid right now I don't know I'm supposed to be happy or cry. I just received my acceptance letter from LUMS but I got into my 2nd preference which is law school. In law school LAT is required and I haven't given that and next date for LAT is too late for conditional offer. What should I do. I was pretty confident for my 1st preference which was computer science but I got rejected from that. Now what am I supposed to do I have absolutely no idea 😭😭😭😭
Please help
What are your credentials?
I had 81% in FSC and 1350 SAT score
Matric?
99.18%
tf? did you top?
Yes
In the entire province? or city
Email lums regarding LAT. theyre pretty cooperative in this case.
bro your 1 and 2 preferance is really diff..

like law kr ke age kya karoge kuch socha..(like me)😭
Yes I'm thinking about it ka law ka bad kia karna ( but I have a family background of lawyers TU I have pretty good idea )
did u apply for lat?
No I did not
u missed the registration date man email lums about that if u can give lat july or august one
Bhai LAT keliye last date b guzar gayi apply karne ki cause 9th June ko hai wo ab idk ağla kab
i wrote an email to LUMS i hope they allow me to take August wala LAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7znx8/fee/
It is written on fee voucher that students must enroll in atleast 12 credit hours but the fee calculated in voucher is of 16 credit hours. So, do i have to pay full fee for 1st semester and then get refund later if I enroll in less courses? Or is that only for semesters after the first?
Yes it will be adjusted in the next fee voucher. They adjusted it for me when I had less credit hours than what I paid for.
Alright

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7zcml/alhumdulilah_just_got_in/
I received my acceptance at 6:30 PM today. Got into first preference, Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani School of Humanities &amp; Social Sciences.

Credits: 5A\*, 1 A, and 2 Bs in O levels. A, B, and C in A levels and a 1270 SAT score. Also took a gap year

Over the moon right now. Praying all those who are still waiting will get accepted too.
Mubarikkkk   
MashAllah
congrats! did u apply to the econ stream?
Thank you. No, I applied to the social sciences stream
Congratulations!! Amazing I have v similar credentials, I hope I get in tooo
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
full desi uncle vibes😂
Congrats man
Congratulations mate. You must be over the moon. I am happy for ya.
Did you receive an email or did u check the portal? 
And where can you check, if you got the admission on the portal?
Thanks a lot! I found out through email. A separate tab appears when you get accepted which says ‘admission status’
Congratulations man! See you at Lums
Mubarak! Aa jo vro
Congratulations See you in fall!
What is the conditional offer bro? Also can you reach that offer.
MashAllah🙌🏻 dont wanna get my hopes high but i have simillar creds, waiting on an answer for now
congrats! so happy for you
Congratulations. what were your A-level

 subjects
Thanks! I had had Economics(A), History (B) and Business (C) in A levels
bro how were the mcq’s for eco? any tips please im stressing out tmrw is my p1
march sat ?
Yep
B In what subject ?
Congrats man ! I am also waiting for admission, if u don't mind what was your tracking number ?
Congrats man! What course are you going to opt for?
Congratulations! Also can you tell the date for fee submission deadline?
anyone from lums here having onlyfans account?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7y8t4/am_i_cooked/
Assalamualaikum good people here, the question I would be asking today is am I cooked?

Actually I sent application for NOP but yesterday my brother told me that he heard that you have to send the documents physically too and well I haven't sent them physically so please tell me do you have to send documents physically too? It is much past the deadline too as you know (March 12 was the deadline). I am feeling very nervous and scared. Please tell me as soon as possible and if that is the case, then tell me the solutions too if any. Thank you in advance! Allah Hafiz!
you dont have to send documents physically now in round 1 .After acceptance NOP will tell you when you have to sumbit it.
Oh thank God!
Yo you got the result? I mean I'm waiting for the results. Many of applicants already received rejection mail but I haven't received anything yet. I'm getting very anxious day by day. This is not good. Let me know if you receive anything from NOP LUMS. 
No I also haven't. Getting really anxious 😣😣😣 And many of applicants have received a mail?!! NOP ones or regular ones. Oh God, I am getting really worried. I think they would roll out the results after Eid.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7wnls/if_you_got_rejected_for_financial_aid_what_will/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d7wnls)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7vu35/chance_me_for_lums/
O level 3A* 4A 4B 1C 
C is in Add math so won't count in o level equivalency 
AS 3A 
SAT 1410
Above average ECAs with a few sports honours as well as leadership roles in school and college 
Please rate my chances for LUMS for ACF 
Thankyou!! 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7umun/bsc_in_economics_and_maths/
as a pre engineering student (alevels) i couldnt get into sse instead i got into mghss for economics .Just wanna ask that i havent studied economics in either o or alevels so what challenges will i face and is the degree worth it, any tips from students studying this degree from lums?
I think read a book on economics ( economics for dummies I read this book in my A levels ) and see if you will enjoy studying it more. If you don’t then yeah you got your answer, plus degree in it self can be good if you actually have use case for it in your future life and things that matter to you.
as someone who made the switch from sciences to mostly humanities subjects in a levels (with the exception of math), and is now going to major in econ, you'll find it a little strange and boring at first. In STEM subjects, there's always one right answer to everything. That is not the case in economics. Everything is purely theoretical (meaning the practical application of concepts is much more complex and doesn't always give the predicted results). There are a lot of graphs you have to learn btw, so be prepared for that. Obv majoring in econ will probably be a lot different than simply taking AL econ. If you enjoyed studying sciences up till now, there's a good chance you might not like econ, and find it a little annoying (I still do). Just being realistic. If you take an actual interest in economic affairs and have good general knowledge about this stuff then you don't need to be that worried ig.
+ if u get a high gpa you can always transfer to sse

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7u22a/mstme_interview/
Can anyone who has given interviews (specifically for mstme) tell me about their experience and what kind of questions were asked
When is your interview? Good luck
Its tomorrow
Thanks. Did you also have one?
Not for TME, for MBA. it was quite generic, no real grilling as such. Just about my job, why study at Lums, past academics and future goals after graduation.
Did they ask previous degree related questions?
No not about the courses, just the reason for opting for that degree.
Hey how did your interview go?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7tf6i/financial_aid_decision/
Have you guys received the financial aid decision yet? and was the aid request accepted or rejected

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d7tf6i)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7s2v0/is_a_short_interview_better_than_a_long_one/
I had my interview for MBA a couple of days back. It was a panel of 2 people only and my interview lasted about 10-15 minutes. 
Overall questions were mostly generic, some were political (to check general knowledge). Nothing too deep, there was no grilling or pressure or anything. 
Frankly I expected it to be harder after reading about everyone’s experience and watching youtube videos. 
So I’m just in this conundrum whether this interview was good or not 

Well, there are some people that they like to chat with. Otherwise small ones are the better
Any idea till when would we be able to hear from the university now ?
They take time but they aren't specific.
When was your interview

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7rhhj/soe/
Last week on tuesday i was asked to share my soe and j have not heard from them since then what does it mean?
What is SOE?
A levels statement of entry 
Roll number slip

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7peqs/bnu/
going for business degree in bnu

how is the social life in bnu? i’m not looking for tough studies like in LSE

how is the environment and sports ?
It's filled with elitist kids who act as if their ancestors were queen Elizabeth's relatives and their is lots of friend group politics, unless you're an extreme extrovert or are willing to fit in the social circle, don't join BNU, its a very toxic environment.
Agreed , what about FCCU?
very similar to BNU, but with a more liberal touch.
i am not extrovert, but planning to be one cuz i messed up my college life
There are v.few degrees in LSE that can be regarded as 'tough'. You should fit right in at LSE if you're looking for a culture similar to that of Lums or BNU.
LSE is very far too
We got tough studies in LSE before GTA 6
jokes aside. Social life is about the same in both even though I heard LSE is a tad bit stricter with regards to events waghera.
lmao thaki howi bnu
kyun
its just bus waha log show off karne aty hai
campus life chahiye bus baki log jo marzi kren
Isse acha hai COMSATS, UET, UMT and UCP
umt to sary paindy hute bhai

Scraped data for URL: https://i.redd.it/cjmoj95rng4d1.jpeg

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7i4my/help_me/
What is the next best alternative of Lums for bsc in accounting and finance 
IBA is the second best option
What do you mean? Other major.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7eyt3/chance_me_from_what_you_guys_have_seen_as_of/
So creds are: SAT score 1310, As AAB, O levels 4A*/4A. First preference SDSB and HSS 2nd. 


You will be accepted. IA
I hope so just have to wait till 31st July.
SAT score: 1310.
SSC: 89%.
HSSC: 81%.
Started my own two projects, which went well. Worked with orgs like UN but haven't heard back yet. LUMS was my backup in case I didn't make it to IBA for Round 2. Now it's traumatizing to think about what if I don't make it to either. :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/gallery/1d7e2x7

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d79cmf/lums_graduates_this_ones_for_you/
So ill be attending lums in september (bachelors in acc and finance). Wanted to ask graduates of sdsb or in general abt future prospects, where can u land after uni and how much theyve been able to make at their jobs. Also any inside advice on how to best manage my time at lums would be great too.
Not a graduate yet but as far as time management goes you'll need to set priorities from day one ,set aside time for socialising and parties and for studies generally a 3-4 Ch course requires 3-4 hrs of study per week
What were your credentials when u applied??
Hey recent graduate here I honestly didn't study much at lums mostly just socialised and had fun. For jobs I would say the average student gets like 80 to 120k but it can go upto 10 lac if you are able to get into something like consulting. I would say have a work life balance enjoy your time at lums do study don't follow my example and most importantly work on building skills that will help differentiate you in the job market. It's easy to get a good job as a lums student however you have to remember that a 100 lums students might also be applying for the same job. If you want to land that job you need to be different your grades won't help you as much as your skills and experiences will.
What skills can eco math and acf students work on?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d78w8m/helppppp/
when do we have to submit o level equivalence??
Just email it to them they tell you on their admission requirements page

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d76wmo/ms_cs_interviews/
Just want to see how many are waiting for MS CS/AI/EE interviews here. Last time i checked, nobody was called.

And some guy from previous batch said no interviewers, direct acceptances.



Someone from the last ACCEPTED batch said no interviews and direct admissions?? I though interviews were mandatory 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d76v3v/summer_vacations/
With summer vacations starting for most people in the country and exams ending. Most of you now are most probably waiting eagerly for your LUMS, NUST etc. decision. However, time is money and this time should not be wasted on tiktok but should be spent on learning new skills and in expanding your skill set.

We all know about the promises you made, “is saal bs financially independent hojau ga”. Well now is the time to work on it. I wish all of you guys the best and please don’t give up. It’s now or never and the only person standing between you and your goals is no one else but yourself. If anyone wants to learn any sort of skills or get access to appropriate materials. They can contact me and i’ll help them out.
Lastly, goodluck to everyone and I hope I’ll be meeting you all at LUMS this fall :)
Lets do this !!

Kindly tell about the opportunities or sources of income we can opt for as a student
There are two routes you can go, one is a short term plan where you can provide any sort of service instantly, these including Home Tuition, a sales job, working at a call centre.

While the other long route consists of actually developing a skill that can be monetised and is according to your interests, these can include graphic designing, programming, analytics, copywriting etc.

It is important to figure out your interests wisely and use websites such as coursera to gain knowledge in order to gain your required skills while also having a certificate to show to employers. These courses do tend to cost a lot and are not very budget friendly. Hence if you do decide to go down this path, contact me and I can provide u with the resources
how to get started if you want to start earning from copywriting?
First it’s necessary to assess your own personal skills like how good your english is, how fast you can type etc. Afterwards you must research upon what actually is copywriting and how it is used within organisations.

Then you must figure out how to use linkedIN to your advantage , short courses from different websites such as skill share, coursera and lastly lead generation to catch international clients. 

However problems with work experience usually arise, which can be sorted with having a portfolio of your work or having appropriate certifications from different websites which guarantee that you are job ready.

Coursera does cost a lot and can be difficult to have the subscription to. Hence I figured out a way to attain it for cheap as I believe opportunities should not be locked behind an expensive paywall. Let me know if you want to go down this path
Hey, do you have any trusted websites or platform where i can start earning by copywriting
Hello bro can you help me or be my accountability partner or some sort?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d76159/contact_for_2tb_of_online_earning_courses_by/
You will get all andrew tate, iman gadzhi, sheikh sajawal, shahzad khan, and many many more. Skills such as 
-digital marketing, 
-amazon, 
-shopify,
 -copywriting, 
-video editing, 
-programming
-sales etc
Take charge of your life and start your career as an online earner now! Earning in dollars will save you if you wish to continue living in this country with ease. 

like thats easy they all cost tons of money and yt sucks lol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d74qr3/cs_at_lums_pls_help/
Hi so as we know cs at Lums is very expensive compared to their other majors (its 18 lakhs per year excluding living costs) . I come from a middle-class background, we can afford it if we pull some strings like take out a loan or sell some gold etc. Do you think its still worth it? I want to go to lums but don't want to be a burden to my family at the same time. 

The other option is NUST but I'm from an A-level background so its impossible to prepare for the net rn and get a 150+ to get cs as a major. The last option is a BBA from IBA as i doubt a cs degree from iba will hold any significant value . The reason i was adamant on lums was that I wanted to go abroad for the masters maybe UK or US. Now i don't know what to do. Lums is also more popular for management and economics, so maybe if i ask for a transfer, the degree would hold more importance compared to a cs degree from lums it would also save a few lakhs from the tuition fees. PLS HELP!!
FAST is good for CS too and a fraction of the price tag.
He wants life man 😂
Tbf from what I have heard u wouldn't have a life at lums either if u r aiming to get a major like CS that's high in demand.

Plus from what I have heard the workload of lums, fast and nust is same for CS.
yes but gpa problem for masters and you dont get any soft skills cause no extra curricular or no time for them at least
if you're looking for masters abroad then yeah GPA might weigh in. Other than that, the program itself is pretty rigorous with lots of skills to learn that's why FAST graduates are pretty acclaimed in the job market within Pakistan.
I think nust would be a better option for CS lums Sy cs Apne parents pr 4 Saal k liye burden Hoga A levels sy agr aap hou tu issy fark nae prta Apke concepts ache hone chahye atleast give it a. Try to nust agr nae hota then lums
In my experience, no it's not worth if you're struggling to pay for it. In IT sector in general, your skills matter more. Perhaps for your first job you might get an edge (doubtful), but beyond that no one looks at where you got your degree from. If you have a bad interview, you're getting rejected. End of. And I don't think companies filter candidates based on their university.
The CS department at LUMS was excellent when I was there (probably still is), and you will certainly learn a lot of other soft skills that you might not in other universities. But go for it only if you can easily afford to do so.
how was your experience studying cs at lums? did you learn any soft skills that made you stand out from people from FAST and NUST? and did those soft skills hold any importance in your work life?
I didn't study CS. I studied EE but ended up taking quite a few CS modules.
All the CS modules I studied were amazing, and had amazing professors. I learned so much and I found it so much more interesting than the EE modules.
Did I learn any soft skills? No, because I came from a background where I could speak well and present well, but I easily see people benefiting from that environment and getting more polished and more confident 
I don't know many graduates from FAST or NUST, but my impression (based on the few people I've met and from the things I've heard) is that LUMS might be a little bit better in terms of teaching you soft skills but at the cost of a much higher price tag.
Did those soft skills help me in my career? Yeah, they did a bit. But they would be completely useless if I had poor actual technical skills. In IT/CS, your technical skills matter far, far more than your soft skills (especially if you're trying to get a job in Pakistan). I would say the same applies to getting a job abroad as well, albeit to a lesser extent (soft skills matter a little bit more). I worked for an MNC in Pakistan and currently work for a FAANG in Europe, and I have been in interview panels to interview candidates in both. We care a lot more about technical ability than how polished you are and how well you speak or present. If LUMS graduates think they can waddle into a job just because they have a LUMS label attached to them, they couldn't be more wrong. I've personally seen a 3.7 CGPA CS student fail to clear the first screening.
Long story short, when it comes to CS, graduating from LUMS will not put you at a significant advantage compared to graduates from GIKI, NUST or FAST.
CS at LUMS is well worth the money. While at LUMS, you would have far more privileges and advantages, whether in terms of education, networking opportunities, or overall exposure. LUMS is well known for its rigorous CS program, and you will get a job as soon as you graduate. So, regarding ROI, LUMS is one of the best. While at universities like NUST, there are opportunities, but they are limited and not accessible to everybody. For example, one department at NUST, like SEECS, has more students than the entire student body of SSE. Studying in smaller classes with professors knowing your names, and having a low student-to-faculty ratio would help you learn better and receive personalized attention and mentoring from the faculty. In terms of going abroad, no university in Pakistan would be more helpful than LUMS. As for tuition, once you're at LUMS, you could get a merit scholarship depending on your academic standing or could apply for financial aid again, or external funding. I wish you luck.
Best answer
What do you mean by external funding tho? 
So the best way is … rush b
I personally think you should go for it, even if it means that your family will have to financially compromise a bit for a few years. 
Wese toh I hate lums for my own reasons (I’m a CS junior there) but I do think that a lums degree (especially if it’s sse or sdsb) is an easy way to climb up the capitalist hierarchy at a faster pace as compared to others. It’s a decent investment. You’re gonna get a lot of exposure (which you’re btw going to starve for @ FAST or NUST). There’s going to be a lot of opportunity. They have unparalleled facilities (think the NIC lab in sse basement). The social environment there again is something you won’t witness anywhere else in Pakistan. It’s a good place to make helpful contacts (that will probably end up assisting you in the future). Lots of pros to it. And considering the fact that you want to go abroad for masters, again a lums degree fits your agenda list well. Had you wanted to stay here and make a living, I’d recommend opting for nust or fast as a cheaper alternative. 
Baki just utilise the four years well. Surround yourself around the right people. Make use of the shitload of opportunity they have to offer (join extracurricular societies, do frequent internships, maybe get a decent cgpa so u end up on dhl or get partial merit-based scholarship, join a varsity team, etc.). Enjoy yourself too sath sath. Try getting along with people there (had the son of some big army general down bad for me… ended up using him this one time I was stuck in a police situation lol… saved me a whole thaana visit or worse). 
Definitely recommend that u go for it. Didn’t get all the hype around it either till I entered its walls. Still don’t feel like I belong (that’s a feeling that will linger within u for 4 years if you’re from a lower middle class background) but we play pretend and we move on. Chalta hai
Also dk the kind of person you are, but the social environments at fast and nust are insanely suffocating or so I’ve heard. One of my closest friends at lums transferred from nust to lums and she claims her life changed with that decision. She had a 3.9 at nust (and was somewhat satisfied with their academics) but was very unhappy there because of how suffocating and dull the environment was. Another friend didn’t last 3 months at fast (doing cs). She ended up transferring to nust and is comparatively better (if u got to choose between nust and fast… definitely go for the former). Again it all boils down to the kind of person you are, what your priorities are, what exactly is it that you’re looking for. Please know that my answer assumes that social environment and culture is a big factor for you. If however you really don’t care about that and a decent degree is all you’re looking for, then disregard this thread and choose according to your financial constraints
first off thanku for the detailed response ,secondly could u elaborate more on what you hate about lums? (u mentoned that earlier) .Yes youre right environment plays a big role for me because i belive the soft skills you get are what makes u stand out, every uni almost has the same cirrculumm . I was dont want to regret the investemnt and make sure its worth it. Im pretty sure the friends you make there (coming from influential backgrounds) would also help later on in life.
Hello every sceanrio is different I think its best to consult with your parents and family members in academia. Personally I wouldnt go to lums even though yes its good but itll be very tough situation finalcially for your family. unexpected emergencies occur is mulk ke jo halat hain kahain paise lag jate hain plus ur fee will inc by around 1 L per year each year. Make a very informed choice
CS from IBA is good aswell. For CS your skills, projects, internships matter more than the university name.
but even those depend on your university their faculty and brand name which gets u those internships

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d72qzr/rejected_on_lcat_basis/
Is anyone rejected yet who applied on the basis of LCAT yet. Most rejections I have heard are on SAT basis till now.
Congrats
?
I applied w my SAT and havent heard back yet. No rejection or acceptance.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d71tyb/i_have_4_as_and_4_bs_in_olevels_and_im_currently/


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d71q4g/if_a_person_gets_accepted_at_mgshss_in_their/

Yes, but you would have to apply for transfer and there is no garauntee it would work out.
Actually, a GPA of 3.5 or above would guarantee the transfer.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d71n1u/mba_decision/
Has anyone received decision after their interviews for mba 
Did not receive any email yet. When was your interview?
21st. Yours?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d70g7c/lums_ms_fm_interview_help/

What were your credentials?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d70ebb/lums_cs/
I have heard that their business school is highly competitive, what about cs?           Is it hard to get in cs..... Those who have got admiited in cs please let me know your sat score and o, a levels grade....I have got 3 A \*, 4As and 1 B. and i am expecting 2 As and 1b in as... i am going to give sat in aug
SSE is the most competitive one at LUMS along with SDSB while CS is the most competitive program, try getting an SAT score of 1450 at least if your grades are top-notch as well. otherwise 1500+ will set you in a good position
They are really weird about sat scores, ur a level grades are fine but try to aim for 1400+ for the best chance.
do u kno anyone who got into sat cs ...
8 A and A\* 150 SAT I got in last year
saw someone get in with 9A\* and bbb in as
You get admitted into a school and not a major. In ur case it’s SSE which is far more competitive than any other school at Lums. The class averages for science school courses are much higher than any other school. Take one example: Same course same instructor when sse people took it: A at 86 A+ at 92 where as when sdsb took it the next semester it was 75 A 80 A+. This would give you an idea of how competitive it is
But as for entry, 1400+ sat would be good enough
CS is even more competitive. Aim for 1450+. A 1500 should be a safe score.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d7040t/whatsapp_group/
Is there any whatspp group for newly admitted LUMS students?
Yes, there is.
Send it to me.
DM
me too pls
DM
DM
Me too plz
DM
Can u please send it to me too
DM
Me too
Me too
DM
send it to me rachel
DM
Share it pls
Dm
Yes, there are many WhatsApp groups of LUMS admission and Luminites, for both who are waiting for their acceptance and are studying at LUMS.
dm plz
Dm link plz
Dm plz
Hey 👋🏻  dm ..

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6yecs/application_validity/
Hi there 

Your insight will be greatly appreciated .

I applied to both Engineering School ( First Preference )  and Business School  ( Second Preference ) and was not aware that you had to give Scientific Aptitude Test for it . I missed the Test

So will they still consider my application for Business School or is my Application Invalid ?

Thank you
They will consider ur application for business.
Invalid for science school

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6yda3/is_my_application_valid/
Hi there 

Your insight will be greatly appreciated .

I applied to both Engineering School ( First Preference )  and Business School  ( Second Preference ) and was not aware that you had to give Scientific Aptitude Test for it . I missed the Test

So will they still consider my application for Business School or is my Application Invalid ?

Thank you


Could be eligible for buissness but your eligibilty for sse depends on hoe inpressive your academic stats are like olevels and SAT
this is a question which you should ask the admissions office, not us

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6xfx8/sse_vs_other_options/
Hello im an AS student from O level background with 2A*6A. Currently in AS and not hoping for that much of a good result maybe 2a 1b or 2b 1a. I take chemistry physics and math.my true love is chemistry.
Is lums a good option for sciences ve other unis like nust giki etc. and what creds do i need to get in bcz i heard competition is very high. Havent given SAT yet looking to give it this August any tips on that as well.
I have the same olevel grades trust me they're not enough. You'd have to get 1500 plus sat to get an admission.
Damnn. I mean I'll try to get a good SAT. In the end its mostly luck who gets picked who doesnt.
I have the same olevels with a 1470 applying for cs, will that not be enough even with a harvard cs50 course and a being on the board of directors for the first ACM highschool program in pakistan history among other things?
SSE is definitely the best science school in Pak and is also the most competitive one, you need to bring your A-game to stand a chance, an SAT score of 1450 or above will set you in a good position if you need any help in SAT preparation or need any preparatory resources you can dm me.
Bro chem demp looks strong look up sse insta page two chem graduates of this year secured phd positions in usa

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6sjlt/is_there_any_hope_left_for_me/
I applied to LUMS (out of spite), but now, after getting rejected and waitlisted by all my target US universities, LUMS is the only feasible option left. I still haven’t gotten any admission decision yet, is there any hope left for me or is it over? :|

My credentials are (applied to SSE and SDSB):

8 A*s and 3 Bs in O-Levels
4 As in AS Level  
1390 SAT (770 Math, 620 Reading)
You're not alone on this boat. Many people with good credentials like yours are still waiting. But remember, there are going to be many acceptances until the end of July, so keep hope alive.
Us moment hogya yar. I'm not hearing back from my US universities and I've def not heard back from lums so I'm pretty scared myself
Lums ppl do be testing our patience atp. i totally get u (im lowkey scared too, hopefully all this ends well for us) but imo getting terror struck over lums just ain’t worth it lol.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6rkho/will_a_bad_as_level_subject_grade_ruin_my_chances/
hello everyone. so i have good-ish grades in O-levels with 2 A*, 5 A's and a B. currently giving my AS Caies rn and the problem im facing is that i messed up one of my subjects pretty horrendously. im expecting good grades in two out of my three subjects but the third subject, im planning to give a retake on in October/November. Further, i'm gonna give my SAT this august.

So my question here is will this ruin my chances in getting an admission here?

I will be applying for bachelors in computer science.

Thanks in advance!
Probably not, if it's not lower than a B. 

IA you will get a good grade. However, even if you don't, you will still be retaking it. As results will be out before the LUMS deadline, you will be good to go, so no need to worry.
You seem to be taking a retake anyway. So probably not if you get a good grade. Lums application closes around 31st January.

For sat aim for 1450+ Sat. Give it again in December or March if you don't get it in August.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6qkdm/got_denied/
I just got rejected and i honestly don’t know why. I know people dumber than me who are currently studying there. Im so heated I feel like emailing them and asking them to reconsider my application cause wtf 🥲🥲

(i apologise for this post I didn't know by posting this I would be summoning the LUMS avengers who have made it a goal to defend the instituiton like their life depends on it. Congrats to everyone who got in btw) 
Creds?
It would be better if u could share a SS , don't believe  people...
Its not the end of the world. 3 years into professional life no one cares that I'm from NUST. My work wife is from Gujarat University. 

Graduating from an esteemed university is only beneficial in places like India where the university is responsible for your job placement and esteemed universities get job offers with a big starting salary.

Chances are, you're going to move abroad when you graduate. Out there NUST, LUMS, Iqra and Bahria are all the same to them.
bro can u tell how?
How what? How to get into nust or how to immigrate abroad?
i mean how uni dosen't matter like networking and stuff,
Honestly, if you got an engineering degree like I do, networking doesn't happen much. You just keep applying to any and all jobs near you. I got my first job in August 2020, 15 days after my uni ended by literally walking into a construction site and asking the project manager for any employment opportunities. We had a nice conversation, he made a call to corporate. Gave me the number and his card, told me to go to the corporate office, talk to the Management and tell them that he sent me. The rest is history. They didn't even take a look at my degree to see if it I actually was an engineer or not.

The second job I got was when we were working with another company, I got to know the management team and we had a good time working together. At the end of the project they told me that one of their engineers was leaving for the UK and they wanted me to come work for them. The pay was good and I liked the people so I gave my notice.
i have heard its the only thing that matters
Hello, I just wanted to iterate maybe stranger had a different exp but networking does happen alot in eng degress. Its vital its how I just landed my first internship I went to CEO's talk at lums (3 ya 4) talked to him asked for linkedin and got a direct refferal when time came. Also outside of Pak Uni absolutely matters that is one statement of stranger I dont agree with. half of my fam is in academia and when ever senior companies like NVDIA look for imp roles they reach to professors for recommendations. A prof will always have a bais to their uni its just so happens every full time prof in lums is a PHD from a foreign country. Your uni weighs heavily on your choices and qol and networking outside of pak
For technical degrees sure.
no it doesn't when you will come in prac life you will see virtual uni students working with you...mehran..even 12 year college kiddos ..just because they have skills..+experiancs
Yes technical jobs.
no literally know someone who got selected in devsinc(fresher) from a thaki hui uni...with good pacakage..just beacuse he had internsips quite alot under his belt lol
Isn't devisnc a software company? My comment still stands.
dumbo dumbo i said he got selected not beacause of uni tag like lums/nust ...

literally was from a gali wali uni...first try to understand my comment lol...don't come in competition

tech industry don't give a shit weather u from lums/iba...you have skills better than any one you are selected

there are ICS(college) kiddo doing job rn come out of this bubble..
&gt;tech industry don't give a shit weather u from lums/iba...you have skills better than any one you are selected


Bhai th wk be kha rha hu. That when it comes to skilled based technical jobs the degree where you get it from doesn't matter 💀
I agree lums and IBA grads have higher chances of getting good opportunities but other uni students also get them if they work hard. I have seen alot of Nust grads.

I did my bachelor from szab khi and good into a MTO program which I never expected. So it is not the end of the world. Just for next best option and obviously there would be some hidden khair in this rejection
ur right
I agree with LUMS has so many dumb people studying. I am currently enrolled student so all those trynna defend this are dumb themselves too, lol.
Can you tell when did you receive your denial, and what were your creds?
Creds?
Creds?
dude lums isnt the end of the world, cheer up and look for other options.
Ur right lol its not even that good of a uni but i just dont like how biased their admission team is
they rejected a friend of mine with a 1470 SAT from HSS last year, he had straight As in OL and ABC in AS. Their admissions team is on crack lol. Look into IBA karachi R2 mei if you haven’t applied already. Much better value for money
Do they have a well established poli sci program?
not as hyped as lums but it’s good for sure. IBA SSLA alumni have reached harvard yale princeton oxford and many other prestigious institutions, the most amount of acceptances IBA gets are from pol sci or psychology major students from SSLA
I’ll check it out then thank you.
Brother these creds you are talking about. How can this be possible I am shocked 🤯 rejection.
kitne As they? in OL?
don't worry ...a rejection is a redirection..

best of luck...
what were your O level grades and SAT?
i did IB and gave ACT
[deleted]
*"I'm too smart to handle rejection and I'm so much more smarter than people who i consider "dumber" than me at LUMS so I'm going to be angry and demand a reconsideration"* is crazy.
I am angry? I have the right to be. I know of people who are currently studying at lums with lower IB scores than me just because their families are well connected with people from higher places at lums. Moreover, my friend who lives in ksa with HORRIBLE credentials got accepted (which i think is primarily because she applied as an international student). Obviously I’m not going to email them and demand them to reconsider Im just pissed at how biased their admissions team is.
What were your creds? Like SAT etc?
once again, putting others down is really not a good look
Being well connected helping in your admission of LUMS is super duper rare. ‘Sifarish’ is pretty much non existent is LUMS so the ‘dumb’ people who actually got accepted into LUMS probably have some part of their application which is better than yours. Grow up and snap out of the delulu, not everything is ‘the systems fault’.

Btw how’d you know u got rejected? Did they send u a rejection email or smth?
Of course there are people at lums who have extraordinary creds and deserve to be there, I never claimed that there weren't. However, 10-19 kids from my school get accepted into lums each year, not because of their superb grades but because their families are well connected to people from higher places at the uni. SO you might understand my frustration when I didn't get in yet my peers who had LOWER creds than me did.

also they didn't send me an email, I checked my application portal last night and it said denied due to the limited number of seats available or some bs along those lines.
Ur just basing this off of your own speculation. I’ve got friends with very well connected families (one of him even knew syed babar ali personally) and all of them had decent creds. (1200-1250 ish sat and 8 as). None of them got in coz they were told lums me sifarish is nearly impossible. So instead of ranting abt how others are less deserving and got in due to unfair connections, focus on your own shortcomings.

Also what were ur creds? Just curious
never once did i say the people at lums are less deserving than me. I just said i know people with worse credentials than me who got accepted and some who are current students. All of them deserve to be there, regardless of whatever means they went through to get there.
You might be overlooking something in their profile which got them there
The delulu is insane. Snap out of it dude, accepted candidates were probably somewhat better than u. Sifarish hoti hi nahi lums me dumbass kese samjhaun tumhe main ab. U lacked in some area for others to be chosen over you, simple as that. ‘bUt buT pEOpLe wOrse tHan mE goT in’ stfu, just stfu. At this point, ur just contradicting yourself, don’t bother replying, you’re js making urself look even dumber.
I said people with worse credentials than me, not people who are worse than me what?? 😭 bro learn how to read first. If its people like you who study at lums, then its quite evident why I didn't get in 🙏🏼 I trust that God has something greater planned
Ur lowkey retarded, won’t even disclose ur creds coz u know they are bad. Ur just trying to delude yourself into thinking that u are good enough for LUMS and the system is against you and rejected you coz u don’t have connections.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MemeRestoration/s/GvEi3v3EBA
Umm, sorry to break it to you, but there is absolutely no Safarish scene at LUMS. You can challenge their admission process and criteria because it not very clear, but whoever ends up there actually deserves to be there. 

I tried to change my school after 1st year, and my family is connected to some important people there, but it didn't happen because I had a low gpa

Also, I'm sorry you didn't get it, but try again next year, and IA things will work out. 

Best of luck
Creds?
Thanks but I've seen it happen with my own two eyes so idk what ur yapping about
It would be better if u could share a SS , don't believe  people...
What I'm yapping about is that buddy you didn't get in because your application wasn't good enough.
Its not the end of the world. 3 years into professional life no one cares that I'm from NUST. My work wife is from Gujarat University. 

Graduating from an esteemed university is only beneficial in places like India where the university is responsible for your job placement and esteemed universities get job offers with a big starting salary.

Chances are, you're going to move abroad when you graduate. Out there NUST, LUMS, Iqra and Bahria are all the same to them.
bro can u tell how?
LMAOO and now you've seen my application? ☠️
How what? How to get into nust or how to immigrate abroad?
I guess you could've done better
i mean how uni dosen't matter like networking and stuff,
also glazing lums is crazyy 😭😭 babes they're not gonna reduce your tuition fees for riding their dick so hard
they’re*, and no i’m not glazing LUMS i’m just bursting your bubble of ignorance.
Honestly, if you got an engineering degree like I do, networking doesn't happen much. You just keep applying to any and all jobs near you. I got my first job in August 2020, 15 days after my uni ended by literally walking into a construction site and asking the project manager for any employment opportunities. We had a nice conversation, he made a call to corporate. Gave me the number and his card, told me to go to the corporate office, talk to the Management and tell them that he sent me. The rest is history. They didn't even take a look at my degree to see if it I actually was an engineer or not.

The second job I got was when we were working with another company, I got to know the management team and we had a good time working together. At the end of the project they told me that one of their engineers was leaving for the UK and they wanted me to come work for them. The pay was good and I liked the people so I gave my notice.
girlie shitting on others just to mask your own incompetence is wildd.   
jealousy is a disease, get well never!
i have heard its the only thing that matters
Hello, I just wanted to iterate maybe stranger had a different exp but networking does happen alot in eng degress. Its vital its how I just landed my first internship I went to CEO's talk at lums (3 ya 4) talked to him asked for linkedin and got a direct refferal when time came. Also outside of Pak Uni absolutely matters that is one statement of stranger I dont agree with. half of my fam is in academia and when ever senior companies like NVDIA look for imp roles they reach to professors for recommendations. A prof will always have a bais to their uni its just so happens every full time prof in lums is a PHD from a foreign country. Your uni weighs heavily on your choices and qol and networking outside of pak
I ACTUALLY LOLED are u 12?? ☠️
That will not go in your favour.Asking them to ''reconsider'' is disrespecting their decision.That will not help your case AT [ALL.You](http://ALL.You) can only ask to reconsider GRADES but admission decisions hell no.
For technical degrees sure.
no it doesn't when you will come in prac life you will see virtual uni students working with you...mehran..even 12 year college kiddos ..just because they have skills..+experiancs
yes i do not respect their decision and y'all need to grow thicker skin and learn to take a joke. i may be mad but im not insane enough to email them to let me in
Yes technical jobs.
You sound 2 relax I wasn't on the admissions committee we're offering advice so you don't fuxk yourself over even more 
no literally know someone who got selected in devsinc(fresher) from a thaki hui uni...with good pacakage..just beacuse he had internsips quite alot under his belt lol
i get it you’re angry, but putting people that worked hard to get into lums down just because you got rejected is low of u. the admission office is definitely unpredictable but let’s face it, the admitted people obviously had a better application than you in some ways.
Isn't devisnc a software company? My comment still stands.
LUMS takes 10-19 kids from the school i graduated from each year. I PERSONALLY know people who have worse creds than me and got accepted, I literally studied with them for years so you might understand why im frustrated. 

I never meant to take away from the people who actually deserve to be there, of course there are many students who are way more worthy of me i was only referring to people I know in this post so pls dont get offended
dumbo dumbo i said he got selected not beacause of uni tag like lums/nust ...

literally was from a gali wali uni...first try to understand my comment lol...don't come in competition

tech industry don't give a shit weather u from lums/iba...you have skills better than any one you are selected

there are ICS(college) kiddo doing job rn come out of this bubble..
thisss. you probably lacked in some area to get rejected, stop putting others down.
&gt;tech industry don't give a shit weather u from lums/iba...you have skills better than any one you are selected


Bhai th wk be kha rha hu. That when it comes to skilled based technical jobs the degree where you get it from doesn't matter 💀
Sometimes it’s okay to be rejected from your favourite university. After sometime you will think. Jo hoa acha hoya tha
and which school did you apply to?
I agree lums and IBA grads have higher chances of getting good opportunities but other uni students also get them if they work hard. I have seen alot of Nust grads.

I did my bachelor from szab khi and good into a MTO program which I never expected. So it is not the end of the world. Just for next best option and obviously there would be some hidden khair in this rejection
idk the one for poli sci
ur right
I agree with LUMS has so many dumb people studying. I am currently enrolled student so all those trynna defend this are dumb themselves too, lol.
That's MGHSS. It would help to know what exactly you creds were cuz IB students do have a small natural advantage. I am assuming you would like an explanation as to why you did not get in to make sense of things. It is either your basic creds were not up to par or your application holistically had lesser weight compared to others with similar creds to you. MGHSS gets a lot of applications and most of them are very very similar so activities and even essays end up being a factor for decision.   
You know your application, activities, essays and credentials and can probably appraise why things went the way they did- I wont push you to disclose them in case you are not comfortable sharing (given you haven't told anyone at all). I know people with straight A's being and competitive SAT's being rejected too (From SSE and SDSB). And recently fewer people go abroad now cuz its so expensive so admissions have gotten a little harder too.    
Several other universities have a nice pol sci system in place- let bygones be bygones.
Can you tell when did you receive your denial, and what were your creds?
Creds?
May be you didn't sell yourself properly in LUMS application
Hey, im a lums grad. hmu. i'll guide
Creds?
Don't worry about the LUMS avengers, you'll have a better experience at another good university 🙂
Cope 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
dude lums isnt the end of the world, cheer up and look for other options.
be quite will u
You ain't better than others lil bro, focus on yourself
Ur right lol its not even that good of a uni but i just dont like how biased their admission team is
Oh fuxk off troll
they rejected a friend of mine with a 1470 SAT from HSS last year, he had straight As in OL and ABC in AS. Their admissions team is on crack lol. Look into IBA karachi R2 mei if you haven’t applied already. Much better value for money
Do they have a well established poli sci program?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6nmwk/interview/
What kind of questions are asked? MS FM 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6nmpe/lums_graduates_how_much_are_you_making_after/
Looking for people who have successfully graduated from LUMS and have started their corporate careers. I was initially hell-bent on going abroad but it's impossible to afford decent unis even after significant aid.
Yet, a LUMS degree is still going to cost my family an insane amount of money, and I'm wondering if the ROI is worth it in the long run. Any advice from those/ those who know of people working in Pakistan/abroad/going on to do grad school etc would be much appreciated. 
For context, I'll be majoring in Econ unless I get a revised offer to SDSB. 
A LUMS degree will pay dividends and far outweigh any investment from your family so don’t worry about the ROI at all. However, even though a LUMS degree will help you in life after LUMS, but you still have to make the right choices during your 4 years there - join a society or two, get into a sports team (if you play one), don’t mess up your GPA, and use your free electives/minor wisely. 

LUMS has a great rapport in the corporate world, both within and outside of the country. A lot of students get job offers before graduating, and almost all of them are employed within 4-6 months of graduation. Management consulting companies in the Middle East (Bain, BCG, Kearney etc) who directly hire Pakistani students, only (or mostly only) hire from LUMS, so that’s a massive advantage over other universities as well if you want a career in management consulting specifically. 

The economics department at LUMS is great and offers some excellent courses. Also, apart from your major, there are a lot of different options to minor in too (CS, Computational Finance, Anthropology/Sociology and almost every other field offered at lums) 

Finally, a lot of people (with either GPAs on the extreme ends of the spectrum or just below/above 3.0 mostly) will tell you that your GPA does not matter, will tell you stories about how their friends with low/average/decent GPAs got into good grad schools and got the best jobs etc etc (survivorship bias mainly), and that it’s just a number and what not but please don’t listen to them at all and try to maintain a solid GPA from day 1. Even though they’re partially right and it is just a number and an average GPA will still land you a very good job but a good GPA will open a lot more avenues for you especially if you’re aiming for grad school abroad.

In terms of money, most good MNCs and start ups will pay upwards of 100k, but the average market comp is ~75-100k.
Can I break into management consulting with a pure Econ or Econ-pol degree? And thank you, this was very helpful!
You definitely can. Join the lums consultancy group, and when the time comes, network with people who’re working in management consulting to get an idea of what they do and how to prepare for case studies/interviews. 

Also don’t worry too much, you’ll be fine - 4 years is a long time to decide what you want to do and a lot of things start falling into place a long the way. Good luck! lums is definitely going to be a weirdly interesting part of your life for the next 4 years.
This was very reassuring. Thank you!
You 100% can. I broke into it with a B.A in a humanities from LUMS, though it took me a year and a half after graduating to make my way there. The preference for LUMS degrees in management consultancies in Pakistan and abroad is HEAVY. If you can work hard and make the right choices through your 4 years in your undergrad, you can easily come away with salaries between 2 and 4 lakh if you're working in consulting in Pak, or around 20k AED a month if you're in the UAE. 

In that sense, it can be completely worth it. But that said, it usually only is the top few percentage of people in uni who can make it there and actually put in the effort. I don't know if it's something worth banking on. There's an element of luck involved in the process, and stressing yourself out throughout your undergrad before you launch yourself headfirst into a work life with 12 hour workdays on average, constant travelling, and work on the weekends really isn't the best for anyone's mental health. The financial pay off does exist, but you're going to feel the impact of it every single day
The working hours don't sound the best but I'd really enjoy constantly travelling. 

You mentioned "making the right choices" in undergrad? What do these entail? Keeping your GPA up and participating in ECs or what?
The places you're travelling to are rarely all that glamorous haha, but you do get to stay in hotels and get generally taken care of

Here's how I'd do LUMS if I had to go back and maximize my chances at a consultancy:

-I'd pick a society or two and work hard at excelling in both. I'd try to make EC in one by my final year. 

Your top pick would be LCG given that it's literally consulting, but LCG can be competitive to get into (which is.. kind of crazy). Any other big society is just as good, honestly, but I've seen people get in from LES and LUMUN the most. This is NOT make or break, though! 

-I'd maintain a solid GPA. The higher the better, obviously, but anything north of 3.5 is great. I'd say this is pretty important.

-I'd make sure I have had at least one solid brand name internship on my CV. People who get into MBB have typically interned at places like Coca Cola, Unilever, L'oreal, etc. This can potentially be make or break. Even if you can't get one MAJOR name, multiple decent names are good too. 

-I'd make sure I've taken courses that teach you the basics of data analysis and visualization. You \*will\* learn these on the job, but it's cool to have a basic knowhow of spreadsheets, chartmaking etc beforehand. This really isn't make or break.

-Make SURE you spend the time prior to consulting applications (Junior year summer and ahead) making sure your CV is to speed and ready for consulting applications. Make sure you fill in any gaps you see during the summer. Edit it iteratively and rigorously until it meets the format that successful consulting CV's do. This is definitely make or break.

I'd start doing case interview practice from my senior year. No point doing it before that.

Don't worry about taking any sort of stress or anxiety about consulting in your first two years though - the amount of effort you need to put in ramps up exponentially as you get closer to the application time. Even the people I know who are in MBB didn't spend their first few years stressing about this. 

the advice might be a little different if you're interested in public sector consulting (Acasus, Impetus, etc.)
This was so helpful, thank you so much!
What is ec
EC = Executive Council, the leadership of a society
If you get into a decent MTO program, which you will after LUMS then you’ll make an upward of 120k.
Yeah you’ll probably end up making PKR 70 to 80 K starting at a MNC and maybe in a few years could reach to 1 lac or 1 lac 20. Did you consider going to Europe? It’s cheaper than LUMS, you get some great ranked unis, perks of studying abroad and roi would be good too especially if you end up staying there or coming back even then companies would offer a better package than someone who went to lums due to the weird perception of every “foreign uni being good”
Yea, I considered going to Europe. The best "cheap" place to go to is Germany where I'd have to take a gap year since they need final A-levels. Both the English speaking countries, Ireland and UK are crazy expensive. The other alternative was going to places like France or Belgium where there's massive language issues and insanely hard to find good jobs after graduating. Those who come back aren't doing so well either based on what I saw on LinkedIn.
It's an impossible situation for bachelors unless one is rich enough to go to top private unis like ESADE, Bocconi etc or directly go to the UK or Ireland.
Avg should be around 70k but if you get into the super competitive area, i have seen freah grad hires for upto 200k (yes fresh grad)
Not a lums graduate, was a MTO in an FMCG, started with 75k and got till 125k within 6 months. Then reached till 220k within 2 years.


Generally speaking. Any MTO starts from 120k and reached till 200k after an year when they get permanent. Usually Lums and IBA heads have higher chances to get MTOs but I got lucky and got in. And also because I was active in co curricular activities. So overall even if you get in lums work on yourself. 

For BBA even NUST grads get good opportunities.
[deleted]
No.
I did my bachelors from szab khi. 
Again anyone from a decent university can ho on the said trajectory but bring a non lums non IBA mean the barriers were 2 times. 

If you have the option to go to tgosevthen do it. Things will get easier. Don't know your religion but about money it's also in hand of Allah. No degree can promise rizq. 

I have seen iqra university grads earning good as well. Just work hard. Stay educated about corporate world and keep praying. Hopefully you will get decent job.
That's very reassuring. I've heard good things about job prospects from Szabist since it's so close to some of the biggest companies in Pak. Thank you, your reply was very reassuring and congratulations on the excellent job offer.
What about students of bsc finance and accounting?
From my scouring on LinkedIn, they seem to be some of the highest paid majors at LUMS. You can also do CA or ACCA after graduating and then work at Big 4 in Pakistan/ME.
That said, from what I heard, ACF is one of the driest majors and there are relatively little chances to take courses in other disciplines.
I have been meaning to hire some MBAs from homeland. I am a Pakistani American. Know this is not the best way. Just stumbled upon the post. So thought I would reach out. If you could recommend someone that would be great too.
That's a great sentiment. I'm entering undergrad so don't have anyone to recommend but maybe you could try messaging any of the people who replied to this post.
There are so many recent MBA Graduates uploading their digital cv on LinkedIn. You can easily find them on LinkedIn
What's the job hours?
[deleted]
Don’t mind me asking, but how much are you earning in UAE?
[deleted]
What're you working as?
Is it common to move to the ME after graduating? That'd be ideal. I actually applied for SDSB first pref but haven't gotten in yet so Econ seems to be the only option. Will definitely consider minoring in CS or something more traditionally "useful".
What did u major in?
[deleted]
I'm ok at Math but definitely don't have the interest or skill at the subject to do a double major at it in a university setting so Econ-Pol sounds good. What did u major in and what minors do u recommend??

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6n9w2/ms_fm/
What kind of questions are asked in the interview? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6klx6/internship/
hi, how to land an internship in lahore near to dha for summers,it can be online too beshak abroad im currently pursuing business and im in my first year of lse the reputable companies such as nestle etc wont hire 1year ke students obvio so i dont know whom to contact for internships? where am i supposed to find them? if you guys know about any company please do let me know thankyou.
or any short courses free which will help me in my buisiness life.
Make a resume and look for startups. They usually hire freshers
LUMS ka summer school hota ha that can be a great option. courses idk kaafi lamba hotay hain if u want to learn something useful. baaqi internship id say abu sa pocho just work in the company where he works
about summer school ig thats expensive and does not match my interest-about abu se puchna he is from army toh he dk much about companies he asked me to tell him a few jahan i want to do internship but idk any companies jonsi nestle dha wagaira hain they say we hire students from 4 year or whatever,kisi company ka agar pata chalay toh that i have to tell him so that he can help me with the process

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6iz8v/lahore_school_of_economics/
Guys please tell how to delete Lse online account and make a new one. I actually made a mistake in selecting program For undergraduate and cannot rectify it. I wanted to go for double major in eco and marketing but ended up doing finance and marketing. Please help!!!
I don’t think it matters. Everyone chooses their major after the first year based on their cgpa after 2 semesters.
Amd what do you study in first two semester. Like you have to select a major!
They are general courses which all the first year studies. After first two semester based on your cgpa you select your degree
Dw, just email them and the team will help you out
I emailed them but received no reply
When did u email them?
It’s genuinely not an issue, the foundation year has the same courses for everyone and then later on you have to submit which degree (Major) you’re going to go for.
Dont worry about it
Um why the talk of lse in lums Reddit? Genuinely asking

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6gyax/interview/
Is it alright to wear polo shirt for ms interview or need to be strictly formal?
Rock a Ralph Lauren polo and Ferragamo kicks to guarantee your admission （￣︶￣）↗　
Dude 😂
MS interviews still going on? I though they were done with it last week. Which program did you apply to?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5yhw3/biomedical_engineering/
Does lums offer biomedical engineering 
NO, they only offer EE and chem E
No but they have BS Biology
no only bio

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5xh0r/has_someone_been_admitted_to_sahsol/
has someone been admitted to SAHSOL in the last 2-3 days?
Ye sub mill ker humay pagal bana rahay motherboard k bachay 😞
Motherboard 😭😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sxwd/do_you_get_the_same_exposure_and_campus_life_in/
the title.
No
Also i should add, in todays day and age one can get a good exposure to the US grad school and big corp market by being at any institution tbh. 

Lums might give you an edge but it’s not impossible or even hard to succeed an avg lums graduate in terms of employability or grad school acceptances. People in our country lack awareness, and sm people who network with the right people, actually put in the hours to look for opportunities end up succeeding, irrespective of where they are.

A senior of mine, Faseeh, who did an UG in Eco math plus minor in CS at IBA got accepted from 3 Ivy Leagues and Duke ( Columbia, Princeton, Yale). Also, he got into Dukes most selective program for Analytical Political Economy where they only select 10 students from a pool of mere 1500-1700 applicants. This just proves that all the yapper community of reddit whose entire purpose is to demean you if you’re not going to LUMS and tell you how dogshit your life will be if you don’t go to LUMS are just a bunch of cry babies and nothing else.

Also if anyone follows this guy called tabarak rehman, he recently interviewed a software engineer working in boston making 300k USD a year. Guess what, the dude did his undergrad in EE from UET lahore ( class of 2020) and got into Northwesterns Engineering Management for his Masters. 

Sure, im not saying that if you choose to go to these places hoping to replicate the exact same thing i mentioned above ke you’ll have it easy, but all im saying ke yapping about lums as the sole savior of your future and the only ticket to US universities is bullshit. If they can do it, so can you. Don’t let anyone demean you or tell you that your life is over it you can’t go to lums for a genuine reason.
It seems you're trying to convince yourself 😂 this post isn't even about job prospects after LUMS 🤡or your so-called perspective that an institution as great as LUMS shouldn't get the well-deserved recognition it receives. It appears as though you believe those who work hard and hope for admission to LUMS and are motivating others to try their best to get into the best institution are just a bunch of crybabies in your eyes, and your narcissistic validation is the only truth ( that's some peak level of irony). However, reality is very different from what you perceive. I hope you soon realize this and consider refraining from making irrelevant comments on different posts.
Not even close
I don't think so
similar employment prospects, lums might be slightly better in terms of exposure and campus life.
The same career opportunities but not the same social life however a good one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sn77/ibcc_equivalence/
Has anyone applied for equivalence online or through courier. If so can anyone guide me through the process
Don’t do it online I’ve seen some posts where people complain of how long it takes and how bad the system is best is to go to the office and get it done in my opinion
Got it through online, and it took 15 days
Can you explain the process please
I just followed the steps on website, (selected online method)
How did u submit your documents then?
Take scanned pictures and upload them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o5xv/test_exemption/
I am applying for BBA programe of IBA round 2. I have a SAT score of 1320 which I think is enough for test exemption but the portal still asks me for test centre and payment of test even though I have given them my SAT score. Do I still have to pay for the test?
Register for your nearest center. They'll give you exemption slip a bit later afaik
You need to have a minimum of 600 in each section I think .
yes, I emailed them the same query and they replied that you have to select the nearest center even if you are exempted from the test because it is required to identify the candidate's location in case you get called for an interview.
and also you need to have a minimum of 600 in each section so check that too
I do have 600 in both section and secondly do tell me about payment issue?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o0o8/can_i_apply_to_sdsb/
I wanted to join sdsb in lums for acf .i gave business and maths and plan to give physics in oct/nov, can i still apply or would i have to take accounts?
Yes you can. There are no pre requisites for sdsb.
can u guide how to do so?
Just apply and fill in the application thats it lol.
can we apply right now as well? Aren't the applications closed now? or is it open throughout the year?
They open again in November and the deadline usually end of Jan
So I can start writing the application from tomorrow for the coming Nov u mean?
No, the form itself will be available from November.
oh okk gotchaa..!!
Open the lums website online and make your own account. Then just fill in the application form. Don't hesitate to ask for help.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5lujx/how_does_1st_semester_looks_like_for_someone/

u can dm
Sent you a message
Bad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5kcny/lums_admission/
I received my conditional offer and according to it if i get below 70% my admission will be revoked. Do i have to obtain above 70% in 2 year only or the total result ( 1 year and 2 year) will be considered for acceptance. 
When did u get your conditional offer?
Last month.
Credentials?
96 % in metric. 80% in fsc part 1 and 1470 sat score.
School? And congratulations 🙌🏻
Thanks. I got admission in HSS
Total 70% above
Overall FSc 70+

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5k83b/for_people_who_recently_got_admission/
When did you get your admission?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d5k83b)
i have a question  
one of my relative want to get admission in LUMS but he has a one year gap after his FSC can  he still get the admission
Gap year doest matter until you did something  productive or have outstanding  marks .
Productive like what activities and are you talking about intermediate marks?? And how much
Metric/Olevels matters the most intermediate  main 70 % hona chiye bas 
Productive yani kuch extra curricular  kiya ho ya phir solid good reason ho gap year ki .
And do intermediate marks matter more?
Nah bas 70 % ya above hona chiye 
You should better see it on lums website.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/
the caption
Yes many people
Rejections dekhin hain abhi tak. Mere 2 friends ki rejection ai ek ki kal aur ek ki I guess 3,4 din pehle
Aid rejection ya admission?
Aid rejection
I'm waiting too, I contacted them and they said they will mail us soon so be patient. But i think they might have mailed all rejected student first( not sure just an assumption). But I don't believe I'll get the aid because if the financial aid is fully based on need based , I don't think I'll get that. But hope for the best
Yar be positive. Hope we get what we asked for. There's always has been the same strategy of fin aid office. They first eliminate those who they think don't deserve aid, only then they start sending aid letters to those who are left. If your aid decision is taking long, it somehow means a good thing
Hope so, I want to ask you something, during application period, do we have to submit documents physically as well? I mean I'm not confirm but heard that we have to submit the documents physically as well.
I haven't gotten any official email asking me to submit any doc physically
Well if we look at the portal, there's a print your application label smthing, 
Also did you notice that theirs a new tab at the portal of SCS invitation Status? Was it there before or ....? Does you have that too?
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-06-02 07:08:33 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2007:08:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/l6lc1i2/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d5h3l0%2Fanyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet%2Fl6lc1i2%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2007%3A08%3A33%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d5h3l0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Yes. They didn’t give any aid
Will you go for lums?
Yes, I will even though my family will have to pull some strings (selling a few assets)
which degree program?
SBASSE (chemical engineering)
rahhh boi. I also got into chem engineering program. haha
😭😭😭
The individuals who have been accepted early are currently receiving their decisions.
i was accepted on 19th april. still awaiting my financial aid decision. it's almost like fifth week going on

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5duac/i_am_attending_short_course_about_ai_and_machine/
Anyone have you experience in any short course at lums? Does it worth it?
At CES? I'll be getting their Mandarin course!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5avtc/fccu_shots/
anyone who aint got acceptance from lums yet and thinking to go fccu ladies and only ladies (gentlemen can also) reach me so i can make friends before uni to survive the shit outta fccu 
hi there
Admissions are opening in July right?
ion know check out the website bro
lse chalay jao usay behtar
sat ka score kum ha buhat ziyada
unka apna test day dou not hard at all everyone gets in
guide me through that concept please
https://chat.whatsapp.com/GLjYMXyVfyS9dO5eVdf6Ua
this is lse group link you can join it
kiya tha join dead asf gc no a few people there
Kitna SAT score best consider hota hy lse kay liay?
1260 +
Not at all. FCCU much better
SAT 1200+ accepted but u can give their own test which is a little easier than SAT.
So jao
waiting for that advice, thanks for motherly idea

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d531w2/help/
I applied to MGHSS (Humanities and Social Sciences School) and received an offer. Does this mean I'm unable to pursue the economics stream, forcing me to stick with majors offered solely within social sciences and humanities? Or do I have the freedom to choose my major from scratch, regardless of what I selected in my application?
Only social sciences and history, not economics
what was your intended major? and yes you can study econ and take courses in econ stream even if your intended major wasn't econ!
No the person applied to for political science, the social sciences stream not econ
When did you receive the offer?
Yesterday
on 30th may?
What were your credentials?
Doesnt matter
You would have to apply for a stream transfer which is quite difficult.
Same problem with me, got accepted into social sciences but was hoping for economics stream instead. I am from a science background
Brother I also applied to HSS ,so the seen is this 
1 years well have to study all subjects in economic stream if chose economics only then .e.g economics, maths and political science and after exam and cgpa then we'll declare majors .
I am waiting for my acceptance can please share your credentials as it gives hope / motivates to keep the hope.
so as soon as i enroll into lums i won’t have to study courses for english literature (major i chose at time of application) and can choose any courses i want? ps i really don’t want to do english lit 😭
No ,I don't think so,  you can't study economics if you haven't  chosen it on application form .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51llq/help/
I gave both Urdu A and Urdu B in olevel and mentioned only Urdu b grade which is A* in Ibcc equivalence form which is online.So, will there be any problem. Secondly in how much time will I get my equivalence certificate if I apply on-line and do I have submit any document through TCS
No there will not be any problem with the urdu thing
Did you get into lums
I wish
few weeks i guess. you could choose urgent option as well if you want . faster delivery + more expensive. not sure about TCS but I think you dont need to . Check karlena
If you apply online, there's no need to send any document through TCS.
I have uploaded my CNIC and result certificates. Are they enough?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51j6k/sahsol/
Hello, I've applied to SAHSOL ( with humanities as second option) and am wondering if i can get accepted with my current grades. 

International Baccalaureate:
MYP score 44 
SAT 1240 
IBDP predicted of 37

O level: 
PK studies A* 
ISL A 

thank you 
If you have written a good personal essay, you can easily secure admission with these scores in sahsol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d50l4h/sat_deadline/
whats the next deadline for SAT as i missed the first test and whens the test also can i apply to unis with that SAT as deadlines are probably gonna end by then
Bhai sat har month hota hai except July I think u can check on Google.
late dainay par admission hojata hai?
Kider bhai ?
Lums main oct se start hota addmission form till January tak 
Last date to give SAT is March for recent year addmission 
2024 admission ka liya   March ka sat last SAT tha .
ok thnx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5054a/hmi_acceptance/
Anyone with Acceptance??
What is HMI ?
Hospital Management And Innovation.
Not yet
How was your interview
50/50. :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4te4a/sahsol/
I have heard of many people getting accepted in SAHSOL, are there any seats left at this point or should we just look for other options
Heard about a someone made group of people who got accepted in SAHSOL, and there were less than 20 people in it.
how many seats are there in total?
80-100
A lot of people aren't paying either so seats are still open
SAHSOL is not worth the fee they are charging. No job prospects afterwards. 5 years of degree program. 1 additional year feel like a decade. 
—SAHSOL Alumnus.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sk6x/help/
My bro recently done with his internediate exams he got 90 % in matric n expecting the same in inter what could be the pathway to study in lums , study resources etc can anyone plz guide 
Give SAT or lcat whatever is convenient. Better to give the latter though.
Lcat for law from lums ?
Lcat is their own test. 

For law in Lums, you have to either send in SAT score or give their lcat( or both whatever works for you). Then obviously have send in your LAT test results.
Ok thanks i didnt know about lcat , he wants to pursue cs so bettter he should opt for lcat or sat ?
Better to go for sat and get atleast like 1450 for a safe chance
Ok n how to prepare for SAT. Like academy or self study ?
[deleted]
Here's a sneak peek of /r/Sat using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!

\#1: [Can i get into Harvard?](https://i.redd.it/7wfouj6kpxyb1.jpg) | [128 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17pv9w7/can_i_get_into_harvard/)  
\#2: [I think I just won the SAT](https://i.redd.it/oh951s0c6ovb1.jpg) | [141 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17djn2o/i_think_i_just_won_the_sat/)  
\#3: [Local high school, this is scary](https://i.redd.it/j96ll67kmjmc1.jpeg) | [331 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/1b79n5h/local_high_school_this_is_scary/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| ^^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| ^^[Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/) ^^| ^^[GitHub](https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot)
Thanks !
Actually he wanted to study cs from lums any leads hv ni idea about admissions n tetsing criterion
So, CS comes under SSE school of lums. Pretty tough to get into. I would advise him getting a 1450+ SAT score to have a comfortable chance. His matric and FSC seem fine. You also have to give a science aptitude test lums conducts as well.
Thanks buddy
 They are alot of resources for SAT as its international.  

For English section:

Erica L Meltzer's books on reading and Grammer.

For maths:

1600.io Orange book and college panda.


And use Khan academy's course for SAT for both sections along with the above resources. And should be fine.
Thankyou soo much 🙂 !
You could also check fast. My brother is doing his cs from there. Seems like a good university. In fact higher ranking in cs than lums.
Required merit.  Marks etc plz guide ? N whats the criteria
Hey, the statement is somewhat ambiguous. If he has completed his intermediate education and assuming that he didn't apply for this intake, then the only option left is to apply for the next year's fall intake in 2025 after taking a gap year.

Alternatively, if he has completed the exams of intermediate part 1 and is now in intermediate part 2, then it's the right time for him to start preparing for the LUMS application. He should begin preparing for the SAT, and if he needs SAT preparatory resources, you can reach out to me. He should also start focusing on completing his Statement of Purpose (SOP) and getting his extracurricular activities in order. If he hasn't been involved in any extracurricular activities, it's high time for him to start participating in activities related to his major. Since CS at LUMS is highly competitive, his SAT scores and grades in intermediate should be top-notch to stand a chance. It's also important to have backup options. If you need any more help, feel free to dm me.
Go for SAT as it has many resources than LCAT which basically based on fsc rather than matric board system. With a sat score he'd be able to apply to other universities without giving their entrance tests.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sgs0/decision/
keep your eyes on your portal today at 5pm 😉. D**ON'T BELIEVE ME I'M JUST JOKING. HEHEHE :) **
Naughty naughty.
☠️
my username says it all

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4okur/phd_applicants_chance_me/
BS CGPA: 3.18

MS CGPA: 4

Published researches: 3

Did well on the LGAT, not so well on the Subject Based test. 

Haven't heard from lums yet
This reddit is mostly used by undergrads applicant . No one has idea ke kis ke kab ajai .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4nw0i/admission_in_lums/
I am a national champion and also placed top 15 in the world in a sport I play, I wanted to ask if this could help my chances to join lums with average grades. I also have a major chance in competing in the Olympics in 2028.
It can boast your application but primarily the academics hold more weight
i don’t think you can get into lums without a lvls or an equivalent degree
The foundation year I did is equivalent to A levels
could u tell your complete academic credentials? o lvls/a lvls and sat if given
I gave 6 o levels didn't give maths. I have 5 B and 1 C 
I did level 3 foundation year and I haven't given a sat. I know it's a long shot but was just checking to see if it's possible.
mushkil hai boss. although im interested in what sport u played
It's basically shooting. It's a Olympic sport called skeet shooting. A target the size of a small plate moves at 110kmph and you have to shoot it mid air.

https://youtu.be/W5MWMaraDEo?si=9X0CXABFX5XUPmOI 

This is my video.
that’s pretty cool ngl
Yeah pretty fun
Yes i had worked with UN and other similar orgs (even with decent grades like 9/10: 89% ; 11/12: 81% ; sat:1310 


I haven't got a response so lums focuses alot on grades n stuff
I hope you get a response soon. Btw I am also interested in yk kind of WORKING with these big organisations. Can you tell what you did and how you did it. I do wanna experience it
Apply for HSS and mention all that stuff in your application. You will have a very good chance even with minor grades
What is HSS? I haven't done A levels due to my sport I always had my nationals in May. I won the 2023 and 2024 nationals while setting nationals record and being one of the youngest to ever win in this sport. I have done a foundation year and have 5 B and 1 C in o levels. I know my grades are that good but I'll most probably be representing pakistan in the Olympics while studying in lums so that has to have some kind of value while getting and admission. I haven't gone through the admission process but I'll try buy visiting the uni and see if I could get a chance.
lums Arts schools.
yo chad! m an international champ. wanna compete??
Bro not bragging this is a legit question I focused on my sport more than my studies so just wanted to check if it's possible for me to get into lums
here in Pak, i don't think any other uni will value your sports this much than LUMS... so Yeah, u have gud chances but also look up for backups!
Worst come worst I am thinking I'll join the lgs idp. 
And if you think I was joking about my sport achievements 

https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/1164469-imam-sets-record-in-national-shooting-skeet-event 

My name is imam.(btw I don't come from a army background I don't wany any controversy regarding this xd)
i trust u champ! but keep LUMS ur 1st priority (in PAK)
Yeah I'm gonna try my hardest for lums. I could have gotten way better Opportunities in the US including full scholarships because of my shooting but I won't be able to train as I do in lahore. My main focus Isn't on studies it's on winning a Olympic medal
Solid chance
NGL you do have a chance. I myself know someone who got into SSE (most competitive school) with good grades( for SSE grades must be excellent) and not excellent but good ecs. So ecs do play a part. You will probably apply next year. You still have time to improve your grades and the sport you play will definitely boost up your application. So don't lose hope just try to get better grades.
Rooting for you and Hope to see you in 2028 olympics!!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4l2uf/doc_submission/
I missed my deadline to submit my result cards. Will it have any affect if i submit it later?
Email LUMS about the situation

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4f5ae/o_levels_grade/
Assalamu alikum wanted to ask if my o level grades are good enough for lums 
I got 2A* 4As 2Bs and 1C and will my equivalency be of 9 or 8 subjects?
Boost
equivalency is based on 8 subjects so unless its important for ur field, C grade subject will be be ignored (unless its like cs and u want to study cs in future)
I got an A in cs but a c in English is it okay if I don’t add my marks in English
depends on what course in what uni ur aiming for check on their site. generally eng show karni parhti hai but rest grades are fine so even if u do equivalency pe khas farq nai pare ga dw
Lums kay liye English is a very important subject I would say English ka retake Dedo

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4d0cv/rejections/
Has anyone received any rejections as of now? 
Some people have.
Yes
Yes low creds people
proof?
Ap toh chup kerjao about proofs bht logon ko rejections gai hongi there are barely 50 active memebers on this sub

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4c3g5/chances_of_getting_into_lums/
O level Grades: 10 As and A*s (5 A and 5 A*)
Extra-curriculars: Good 
SAT Score: 1290 
Gave LCAT and overall it went okay. Found the english section easier than the math tho. 
SSE test was also mid/fine because it was mostly approximation so i’m not sure about my answers. 
im not usually the heart breaking person. liken sse ka liya u need 1450+ sat score. so uss level ka LCAT chahiya hota ha. ur olevel result was very good liken sat bohut off ha,
Allah behtr karna wala ha hope for the best cuz kiya pta SSE aur LCAT acha hee giya ho apka. aur LUMS kee cycle isnt based on creds so dont worry jo hoga Allah na behtr ka liya socha hoga
Low chance on SAT. Lcat might save you.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4b62j/how_long_does_it_take_for_the_lums_package_to_come/
I just got accepted so how long does it take 
When you got accepted?
Interesting .....
Usually next day or two. Sometimes it takes more time depending where you live.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4ajxc/ms_interviews/
Do everyone gets called for the interview or they shortlist few people for that?
Shortlisted people

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d47f7c/can_someone_help_me_and_provide_resources_for_lat/
Title 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4784e/do_i_have_a_chance/
I am 17 with 1A\* and 6As in Olevels with a 1470 SAT score and 2 internships  and 1 at which was paid including 1 science olympiad attended and Harvard CS50  course and i was also apart of the directors of the first ever ACM(Association of Computing Machinery which is one of the largest cs organizations in the world) program for a highschool in Pakistan Applying for SSE BS CS. What are my chances? becuase i am insanley worried and i havent recieved an admission yet..
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
yup
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
yup
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d454vt/docs/
So i have a little bit of a situation. I dropped out of another uni and applied to lums as a last resort. I havent gotten my acceptance yet. But the previous uni still has my original documents because im facing some probs related to clearance. Now i wanna know when do u have to submit your original documents to lums. do you have to when you go to the campus after admission or do you have to right after acceptance. Im rlly worried 
You need to send email of equilence of olevel and alevel if you haven't gotten alevel result yet then you give it once you've received it.
You should use ask admission or call them for clarification
im of fsc bg

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/
Hello everyone. Do the financial aid decisions come sharply within 4 to 6 weeks or they may come after six weeks?  It has been about five weeks since I have submitted my FA application, but the decision hasn't been communicated as of yet. Those who know, please guide.
bhai 6 se ooper tou nai huwe na😭
RemindMe! -2 day
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2024-06-02 06:04:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2006:04:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/l6ftndr/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d451bm%2Ffinancial_aid_decision%2Fl6ftndr%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2006%3A04%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d451bm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42gtf/only_for_those_who_are_planning_to_give_sat_in/
Hey SAT aspirants! 🎓 If you're planning to take the SAT in 2024 or 2025, this is the group for you! Join our WhatsApp group to access tons of free Digital SAT resources, share your queries, and discuss strategies. Get exclusive guidance from high achievers and learn tips for acing the exam. We also provide insights on applying to LUMS and other international universities. Resources for the SAT can be scarce, so let's pool our knowledge, support each other, and guide each other to success. Together, we can achieve our dreams! Ready to boost your SAT score and get into your dream school? Join us now!
Link 🔗 
https://chat.whatsapp.com/FFj6jTf65q3FBxUPvOavKj

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42ejx/how_would_one_deal_if_their_lums_dorm_room_were/

grab a fork, stab the lizard, eat it, save the head and pin it to ur wall to spread the message to other lizards never to fuck with you
funny but unhelpful
well, for a serious answer, i would say bait it with apples and trap it, then call exterminators (if LUMS has that facility? idk my hair's turned grey stressing over admission decisions) to extract the lizard?
Bait a lizard with apples?! Dafuk 💀💀💀
lizards eat apples. slices, not with seeds, small amounts tho.
Won't ask you how you know that. Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).
&gt;Won't ask you how you know that.

simple experiment when i was a child.

&gt;Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).

that's....the chameleon?
No dude (now you're bringing back some awful mental images). They also have sticky tongues. Seen a butterfly get swallowed that way too.
thanks, although i’d be out my room as soon as i spot one (God forbid) so the exterminators will have to do everything from the trapping to the killing
I think you can make good money by killing chipkilis for others like a hitman , all you need is a broom and clients.
if such a person existed i’d be their top client
Its the Chipkali's room now. You just live there.

I have an pellet gun which I use to take out the pests. Its good practice and I don't have to get too close incase the little shit decides to jump on me. The worst part is sweeping it up on a dust pan and throwing it outside for the cats
U can dm me for assistance and i’d come to save the day!

Online emotional support ($5)

In-Person emotional support ($25)

Online how-to exterminate L*zard advice ($15)

Physical L*zard extermination by our best huntsman ($60)
&gt;by our best huntsman

By our only huntsman* 😂
Uhm, well 👉🏻👈🏻
[deleted]
you’re a lot braver than me I fear bcoz the most i’d be able to do in that situation would be to run for my life
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
its a hostel, not a 5 star hotel
yea, get it. but when you pay 4M to an institution yearly, they are somehow obligated to make you feel at home and prioritize your comfort. how are we supposed to study at such an unhygienic and pest-infested place? especially when many of the students suffer from entomophobia among other reasons. Simply, we got enough on our plates to worry about especially when it comes at the expense of leaving your family for the prospect of education at a completely alien place.
Ask the chipkali, very politley, to divide the fee of lums since it's living with you and im pretty sure it'll leave 😭
I prefer the country mouse though iykyk
eat that shi**
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
they better be cuz i can’t be found anywhere near a l*zard
oh, so you're asking too? I thought you were experiencing it first-hand right now.I am not sure, though, but it is as reputable as LUMS defo should, but then again, Pakistan has more species of arthropods/ reptiles than mammals.
yup i’ll be starting this fall and my top concern is just the lizards so just wanted to see what to do in this perilous situation
I guess you'll have to face your fears :)
Visitors are allowed in dorm rooms?!?!?!
Call us at LUMS as we are also lumsian. we will kill all lizards after all 2 nafallon ka sawaab kon chorta ha.
i will take this offer seriously
**ok We will charge 50 cents per lizard**
i shall pay happily

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41ngx/dsat_scores/
So I sent lums my scores through CB and they arrived by like 28th of March and I got my offer on 20th of April. But they are still asking me to send the dsat scores in the letter. So can I just ignore that or what? 
It’s just a generic acceptance letter with all requirements on it. If you have already sent it via CB you can check it off the list.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41apx/rejected_people/
For the people who got rejected how did u find out like what was the email
I don't think anyone is rejected as of yet. They're just sending acceptances as of now
No bro there are rejection my friend got rejected last month
Some people uploaded their rejections way back in April search in the subreddit you'll find them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d40n4y/equivalency_submission/
How and where should I submit the equivalency?
Email them the Equivalency at admissions@lums.edu.pk
Do they respond when they receive it? I just sent my equivalency on their email.
Automated email. They don't respond or anything.

It doesn't really matter for o/Alevel students. As it's just a formality to fulfill HEC requirement

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/
Please everyone be truthful n honest here, cuz the results of this poll can impact a lot of students/aspirants.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d3z7qm)
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-31 08:43:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-31%2008:43:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ara7b/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ara7b%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-31%2008%3A43%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
RemindMe! 2day
have aid decisons started coming out?
Yeah, for those who got admissions in the earlier lots...
One of my friends got 100% off on tuition.
His financial background? give a little sketch if u can... thanks!
He is an academically exceptional student who studied on scholarship throughout high school (although your FA has nothing to do with academics but just giving a background). He belonged to a typical middle-class family. His father has a job in Dubai and he has three siblings. All of their household expenses are covered by his father's monthly pay; there is no other source of income. They live in a joint family and do not own their house or other family assets. They don't own a car but do have a bike. They had no savings in bank accounts and had only one AC, and that's all ik!

He was smart, and LUMS has always been his dream school, so he worked hard in high school and got accepted to LUMS' most competitive CS program in the first batch. He didn't let his financial worries get in the way and secured a 100% scholarship! I'm so proud of him! Love you, S.
I was accepted at lums in first batches (19th April) in EE. I also have one AC at home. 5 Marla home. No cars but two bikes. I've also studied at 100% schoalrship throughout my Alevels. I'm awaiting my financial aid decision.family already in debt. Parents are both teachers
Congrats on your acceptance! I hope you get your desired aid package (✿◠‿◠). See you at LUMS! 😍
Decisions ana hi 19 ko start hoay thay acc. to LUMS ap 17 ko kesy select hogaey.
Sorry pa jee. Ghalti hogi. 19th ko hee acceptance Aayi thi. I just re-confirmed on portal. It was 19th April infact 🙏.

Im sure you must've gotten on 19th too so that's why I see you've remembered it pretty well 👍🌟
na yaara wesay hi mein heeran hoa koi baat nhi jab marzi aey hoon select toh hoay which matters MASHALLAH
Decisions started being released on April 15th, not the 19th.
Ask the same question to Lums they will tell you due to eid holidays decisions started coming in late April (acc. to lums ) and 1st batch was released on 19 th april
Well, I received my decision on April 17th. Many people I know also received their admissions early, so it's not true.
Check your conditional letter 19 April would be mentioned on it . I've not seen any acceptances other than the fake ones before April 19.Lums would not be wrong about their own decisions date.
When did he get his Aid Result?
He called me last night and told me about his aid package.
RemindMe! 4day
I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2024-06-06 07:28:11 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-06%2007:28:11%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ql3es/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ql3es%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-06%2007%3A28%3A11%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3yo08/fccu/
i have a question like people who have paid registration fee and administration fee for fccu cuz of its deadline and they are still waiting for the admission! where are you all ? have you made any community or a gc ??? if yes then please let me know and add me cuz my anxiety is at its peak tomorrow is last date for confirmation of seats and im still confused 
Hmm
Hmmm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3x3xx/ms_business_and_public_policy_interview/
Any advice on what types of questions that they ask?
It's important to be prepared for a wide range of questions during your interview. These might include inquiries about your Statement of Purpose (SOP), your research experience during your Bachelor's degree, your college experience, your passion for the program, your choice of LUMS, your future goals, and more. It's crucial to answer these questions sincerely and avoid giving generic responses. Your tone should be persuasive, conveying to the interviewers that you are genuinely invested in the opportunity. However, it's important to strike a balance and not come across as overconfident. Confidence is key, so remember to be yourself and stay composed.
Did they call you OP? When? 😭😭😭
Email today
Could you share a little bit about your credentials..whatever you're comfortable with..


Also I'd recommend watching the lums b and p podcasts on YouTube..they share tips from the admissions committee what they're looking for.What they said is ''keera hona chahiye for doing something good in the world'' and that they will ask you things from your ps to see if it matches up with what you say in the interview and if you have written it




Congrats op.Youre living the dream.Best of luck.
Thank you! I actually completed my bachelor's from SDSB too 2 years ago, and couldn't find a better option for graduate school in Pakistan than LUMS hahah. Thank you for the advice!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3jz7x/how_many_admissions_left/
Does anyone have any idea about how many admissions have been given and how many are left? Because its already almost june and alot of people are waiting. The total intake is 1100-1300. Going off of that what do u guys think? 
the acceptances are literally released randomly without any specific criteria and will continue till end of july
Pretty less people on Reddit, so people might be getting admissions and are not reported here
Acceptances can come literal days before o week starts
The lums community here is just a fraction of the whole lot of undergraduate admission aspirants. If we are not seeing admissions posts here doesn't mean that people are not getting admissions lol.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3ie4p/may_ending/
Do only those applicants get acceptance after may 30th who were placed on the wait-list or the ones not put on the wait-list can also get accepted after this date?
All the acceptances aren't even out yet. You get wait listed in after mid June and July. And yes you do still get admissions
bhai dua karo mera liya bhi aur apna liya bhi , 30 se le ke 2 june tak ajai uske baad mid se waitlisted hota hain
bhai relax hojao easy scene hai pichle saal mere dost ki july me acceptance aye thi

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3hwmq/getting_a_little_concerned_now/
Although  I am giving Alevels composite and my expected grades are A* A*  A and C but my internal(School) grades were A* B D D (I am an A* student but due to SAT prep was not able to score well in internals ) , will this create issue for my admission  in HSS .
I had 2A*4As and 3B in Olevels . 
ezy scenes inshallah ajai ga .
❤️IA
Same case. Got 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS Level. But due to NUST entry tests in March &amp; Feb, I messed up my internals. Although I've already gotten into lums, I just hope my final A-levels grades are not messed up😭😭

I'm also awaiting my fin aid decision
Brother hogya toh phir koi masla nahi , idher ai toh sahi ,fin Aid toh mil jai ge on finacial conditions.  Admission  ajai bas .
Inshallah brother. I really pray all my homies get in. Manifesting meeting y'all at lums. Inshallah 🙏🌟🌟
LUMS looks on ur olevel and SAT Alevel isnt looked upon that much

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3gcvr/print_mailing_label/
What is the purpose of mailing label ?
When you have to send a parcel to lums, you stick it on the parcel.
Ohh thanx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3g0t7/lums_mba_acceptance/
Hello. Has anyone got acceptance for MBA? How much time would it take regarding decision of the admission?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3fns7/do_i_have_a_chance/
1300 SAT , 5A\*s and 4As in olevel , A B C in alevels , good ecas , one gap year

I'M SUPER FRUSTRATED AND TENSED AT THIS POINT:(
School?
SSE
Well, your SAT score is bit low. Otherwise good chances
ya... anyways umeed pr duniya qaim hai:)
Yes, i am doing that too
may we recieve acceptances in the coming week .. Insha'Allah
Bro LUMS ki date nikal gai hai?
kis cheez ki?
Just hope for the best, i know waiting is so tiring :(
ya but tension is constant due to the uncertainity:(
i agree and i feel the same but hoping for the best is the only resort:(
Low chances bro
lets hope for the best

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/
So I got admitted into BS undergraduate program at SBASSE at LUMS last month, the problem however is that I really want to get into Computer Science major. However, as stated in their pamphlet, there are only 200 seats available. Now, i wanted some advice; preferrably from someone doing computer science, how hard is it to get into computer science? What are the total number of seats per batch in SBASSE(i just wanna figure out how many people would be competing for the 200 seats). I was also wondering, will it be a problem if in my A levels i did not take Computer Science at all? I took bio, chem, physics and math. But in o levels i did do cs as an extra subject too. I would LOVE if someone could please help me out :)
!remindme 24 hours
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-30 13:31:18 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-30%2013:31:18%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/l667fsk/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3c0bn%2Fgetting_into_computer_science%2Fl667fsk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-30%2013%3A31%3A18%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3c0bn)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I would like to know too though I would assume that majority would want to go into BSCS.
aesa tension mereko kahe nahi milta😔☺️
Bahahaha yaar medical chhor ke iss field mein ghuss raha hun tension leni parti🥲
🤣🤣🤣same scnz...medical me kuch nahi raha...sed loif🫠🫠
Ahhh true plus i REALLY dont wanna give that stupid mdcat itna faaltu system hai😭😭
dawg i am already dead...i can understand...imagine mbbs k bad kya haal hoga when the entrance exam sucks your soul🙏🥴...everything is shitttt man

"kya itna bura hu me maa'😭
Brooo istg mere se tou lcat aur lsat mar mar ke diya gaya hai mdcat kia khaak dun ga💀💀💀plus no point in medical agar cs field mein bhi utna/zyada paisa hai🥲🙏🏼
ikr...best of luck buddyy

kaafi ragra lagega 😭😭😭but ig we premeds can survive anywhere😂
Hello, I'm currently a CS major. You getting a CS major depends entirely on your performance in your freshman year. Particularly in CS100, Cal 1, and Linear Algebra.
My batch has around 350 people (SSE) and roughly half are CS majors. There has been an increase in the number of students in recent years, I would guess around 400. 

I didn't find it that difficult to get a CS major but I do know people who struggled with it. Again, it comes down to your performance in your courses. Regarding the A level thing, it doesn't matter whether you took CS or not.
Oooohhh okay thank you so much! This was a huge help honestly. I’ll focus on my studies as much as possible ofc but its a relier to know all this, and that thing abt a levels too :)
No biggie. Lemme know if you need help with anything else.
If you give attention to your studies and perform well in CS 100, Math 101, and Math 120, it is easy to get ahead of your peers in the first year and secure your seat. The main reason is that many students are not serious during their first year and waste their time.
Ohhhhh okayyy thanks a lottt! I understand some people may not be serious, but i can at least secure my own seat in this way :)
My experience with CS was not good in Alevels and for that reason  I AM OUT ,  
on the other hand Cs is competitive and today almost everyone wants to do it thus you'll need to compete and maintain a very high GPA almost near 4 to get into that program . Best of luck for your future endeavors .  
(Ignore my Shark tank dialogues but you get the idea )
Ahh i see! A level cs is tough is what my friends have told me, but in lums if i wanna do a major in BS it has to be cs, ofc it’ll require a lot of hard work i was just trying to estimate how much competition there will be. Regardless, thanks a lot :)
Nah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3btgm/admission_email/
Haven't received acceptance from LUMs. First preference SSE second preference MGHSS. 1400 sat, AS 3as 1b, O level 8a* 2 a. Gav LCAT and science test as well. Is it a good call to send them an email of continued interest and ask them for an update as I haven't gotten acceptance?
Ohh bhai wtf teri kyu nhi ayi
khud samajh nahi aa raha kia scene hai
I think LCAT ki weja se abhi nhi aya. Abhi tk Kisi LCAT wale Ka result nhi Aya Most probably 
You’re definitely getting in. The only way you might not get an acceptance is if you completely messed up your entry tests. However, I’ve heard that if you do really bad at those, they conduct an interview or something. My suggestion would be to take a chill pill, and yes, send them an email of continued interest. Good luck🤞
If he messed up in LCAT then his SAT would be considered . He is getting in for sure.
Bro randomly aygi cuz kafi meme dehki lower creds Ki bye aye hai tou chance hai tumara bas 31st July taak saber karna hoga inshallah ajye gi. BTW have you heard from anyone jinke ache grades tei but still unki acceptance nahi aye?
Me 

expected grades sent from school A lvl AAB
O lvl grades 4A* 3A 1B. Sat 1380

I think it was enough to get in but ab doubts hore
I hope I too get in mere AAB As , o levels 4A* and 4A, SAT score 1310. SDSB and MGHSS
I don't think sending an email would help. I sent a similiar one to ask them for an update. This is what they replied: 

"With reference to your query, this is to inform you that admission decisions are made between the end of April 2024 to July 2024. As soon as the final decision on your application is made we will inform you. We appreciate your patience while we are preparing and sending the admission decisions. For further updates, kindly stay connected to your Admissions Portal and emails. "
so what to do, just wait ?
yes apparently :( that's the only resort
Y’all have amazing creds but are not smart enough to realise that there is no correlation between good creds and receiving an acceptance early. Just chill and wait bro, you will receive your acceptance sooner or later. You could even receive it on July 31st. But I know you will.
meri 1410 excellent ecs 3A star 4 A 2A* 1A expected k saath nhi aai 😀

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d39gio/no_acceptance_package/
It's been a while but I still haven't received my acceptance package. Does it contain the offer letter which needs to be signed and scanned? 
Yes it contains that offer letter and I got my package the very next day maybe contact the admission office
Through the "ask admissions office" on the website?
Haan ya phir mail kardo
Should I pay the fees etc till it arrives?
Yes
Bhai mera bhi gum gaya ha, unhon ne mujhe scanned copy of acceptance letter bhej di ha.
Damn, I'll just wait it out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38aix/i_have_not_received_my_o_level_equivalence/

You don't need to. Just submit it when it comes. But do submit it ASAP when it comes.
im having the same issue, but with my matric attested documents. deadline's tom, but the boards asking for 7 working days to attest the transcripts. will they give a deadline extension or will my admission get revoked?
the same happened with me, i just emailed and told them and they asked me to just submit it when it arrives ASAP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38478/email_or_portal/
I wanted to know that do our portals get updated first or do we receive an email of our decision pehle?
Your portal gets updated first then after a day or two you receive an email of acceptance.
Which one of you is right
None ,phela acceptance toh ai.
They come at the same time
I didn’t know the portal but I got an email after which I checked the portal
My portal was updated before, then I got an email a few days later.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d33jkw/lums_postgraduate_program_for_english_literature/
Hi everybody, I just wanted to ask if LUMS offers any postgraduate program for English literature graduates. I just went through its list of postgrad programs, and the closest one I find is an MPhil in Education and Leadership. If you have been a LUMS student, what do you suggest to a literature graduate to pursue in LUMS for postgrad?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ws2d/can_someone_let_me_know_if_my_subjects_make_me/
My subjects are Buiness, Maths and Physics. Can I get admission into the accounting and finance program?

Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2nmgt/sat_scores/
I got my acceptance in april and people say that you have to send your SAT scores through college board. However, it is nowhere mentioned in my conditional offer. Should I send them or not?
If that was true, they would have emailed you. They always email if there's something wrong, so don't overthink.
Are you from matric/fsc stream?

Because those with O/Alevel were instructed in their offer letter to send in SAT score by May 30th
yup. i guess thats why
I would say send it. Better safe than sorry
I think it is mandatory to send the SAT score via CB.  
according to them: " **Official SAT scores** of all applicants must be submitted by the testing agency, i.e., **ETS**, directly to the LUMS Admissions Office. Applicants must request ETS to send a direct report to LUMS. The college code for reporting SAT scores to LUMS is **0513**"
check ur emails and read ur conditional offer. if they need it they will ask u.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2mov2/sdsb_acceptance/
Is there any legit acceptance yet in SDSB for MS Program? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2j8rl/financial_aid/
can anyone who has filled out the financial aid form tell me what documents they ask for in document checklist.
Creds pls sat score?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ecg1/help_regarding_fee_challan/
hello 

I just got accepted into LUMS. alhamdulilah. Can someone tell me till when can i accept the offer and till when can i pay the fee challan. My fee challan hasn't been generated yet.
There will be a deadline on the fee challan once it is generated. Same deadline for accepting the offer
Did you apply for Aid? If not soon and they give about a week or so time
what were ur credentials?
Admission  is truly coming at random times ,if this true that you got it in afternoon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cz1b/submission_of_supporting_documents_in_conditional/
For the conditional offer part, where do you have to send the transcripts &amp; certificates? do we have to send the documents by post to their mailing address? Or is there some email address or section in the admissions portal where we have to upload them?

  
Some people are saying that the "Print Mailing Label" tab is popping up on their portal but mine doesn't display anything like that. So if the supporting docs are to be sent online where do I send them?
nah u just have to send the attested document via courier...just paste the mailing label on it.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cl0q/aik_hi_bar_na_ker_do_bhai/
Lums bhaiya ye bar bar survey bhej k troll q ker rahay ho 🙃
I haven't received the link this time. :/
does that mean smthin or is it just random
that's what I'm trying to discern
Bro random hota hai chill kero
rejections ayi bhi hain logo ko?😭
Aayi to nahi pr wait kr rhy hain🤧

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2adzn/second_options/
Lums has always been my first choice. I had decent creds but now I am losing hope day by day. i'll be giving IBA's interview for round 2 as I am exempted from their test on SAT basis. If I fail to qualify in IBA as well, what is the scope of LSE's degree?
Bro you will get admitted to lums soon,in sha Allah.No need to worry.
what are your credits?
sat 1330
matric 96%
fsc 83%
13-14 ecas
decent ps
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
I have 83 % in matric but 92 % in fsc i wanna know my matric would cause me trouble or not ?
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
Why are you losing hope? Decisions come out till 31st July, so don't worry. Do well in the iba interview and stop overthinking !!
Keep hope alive! You'll make it to LUMS IA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2aak2/acf_from_iba_or_econmaths_from_lums/
I have applied for ACF from SDSB as my 1st preference but no acceptance is making me have negative thoughts. 
What should I do of I get accepted for my 2nd preference in HSS.? Should I go and do Econ+Maths?
OR
Should I apply in IBA for ACF?
you dont get the econ math major as soon as you're admitted, as far as i know only the top 30 students from the HSS Eco section get to choose that. If you're confident in your ability to secure a 3.4-3.5+ GPA every sem then go for Econ Math, imo its a far superior and super flexible degree in every way when compared to ACF.  The beauty of this degree is that you can specialize in either Data Science/ Analytics if you take some CS courses and declare a minor in that, or you can even go towards the Financial Analysis/ Investment banking route if you take some finance related courses etc.
I agree with the rest, but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream. After the meeting, prerequisites, and the threshold, you can easily get into this stream without necessarily being in the top 30. However, I do agree that it is one of the most competitive streams in HSS.
&gt;but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream

Top 30 applying for econ +maths stream.
Thanks man. I hope I get it.
can we get into that stream later on..since we have a year to declare our major/
yes you can after meeting the threshold required

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d27h0y/working_part_time_remotely_with_lums_mba/
My organization requires me to remain employed while pursuing a full-time MBA at LUMS. They have given me the flexibility to work remotely on weekends for few hours. Will LUMS permit me to work under these conditions while enrolled in the full-time MBA program?
Yes, that's when the Executive MBA at LUMS steps in. Classes are designed for working professionals and executives, scheduled conveniently on weekends. For more details, visit their website.
Thats what EMBA offer.
However, i am interested in a full time MBA rather than Executive MBA. Therefore, I wanted to know if LUMS allow its students to work or not?
While it's unlikely that they offer such a program because full-time MBAs typically demand intensive schedules and are very demanding which makes it challenging to balance with a full-time job, it's best to seek clarity and authentic information directly from LUMS.
Sure, let me check with them.
Thanks &amp; Regards,
Yeah, you can work remotely. Lums mba won’t stop you from that. However, the workload is intense, so working on the weekdays isn’t really possible, on the weekends you have some time so yeah
Sounds good, Thanks!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d23rmp/lums_undergraduate_admissions_mailing_label/
I opened my portal and saw this 
LUMS - Undergraduate Admissions
Mailing Label
Please use the following label while submitting your supporting documents to the Admissions Office.

Did everyone get this? And where do i send the letter?
i thought it wasn't necessary that ive submitted everything online so why need the mailing address
I got this as soon as I submitted my application. I ignored it tho
What is mailing label in lumsNOP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1uilz/how_long_after_an_interview_do_you_get_your/
i had an interview for SBASSE
Depends. My friend got his acceptance two days after his interview.
I got it one day after my interview
What they have asked you in your interview and your ans? .It depends upon interview if your interview went well then expect your decision In this week otherwise pray.
It has been 12 days and I still haven’t gotten the decision

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ubr2/need_advice/
What backup law schools should I apply to Incase I don't get in?
Dennings

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1trpm/bba_from_iba_vs_eco_from_lums/
Got my acceptance in HSS today, and I have already cleared IBA's R1. 
I want to do entrepreneurship after graduation, so which one will be suitable?
Should I go for LUMS rn and do MBA later on?
Congratulations on your acceptance! I'll offer some very honest advice. For instance, BBA is often considered a dead-end field. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. As far as LUMS is concerned, it's the best school for economics in Pakistan. The faculty is world-class, with most of them holding PhDs from Ivy League and other top schools in the US. The research being conducted is at another level. In terms of entrepreneurship, LUMS is renowned for it. They have an entrepreneurial culture similar to that of Stanford and UPenn. So, in my opinion, LUMS is definitely the way to go. See you at LUMS!
Check DM.
what were ur creds for hss?
Sat 1380(M: 760 &amp; E: 620). Good ECAs. Strong PS
O level and alevel?
Nah inter PE. 
Part-1 81%
Matric?
87%
Econ from Lums
Reason?
Depends on your goal. If you want to study further or go abroad then Economics is better. If you want to start a job right after graduation then BBA is better.
Econ from LUMS. You can do the same BBA jobs with a LUMS econ degree with the extra benefit of having studied a technical subject for which you can go abroad for master's. Another benefit is that you can switch your degree once you are at LUMS if you start the process as soon as the semester starts. Also, you'll have more chances for research work to improve your academic credentials at LUMS. Better societies and student life at LUMS

  
Also, Pakistan mein MBA karnay ka koi faida nahi if you have an Undergrad degree from centeror IBA with good academic standing.

you also mentioned that you want to do entrepreneurship. In that case, LUMS has a better incubation center as well.

The only con of LUMS is its higher fees, so the only reason to choose IBA is that it's cheaper.

You can dm if you have more specific questions

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1srgp/portal_problem/
So I just checked my portal and when you click on the application form I see a “print mailing label”. 
The question is, do I have to send the supporting documents to them in a letter form ? Or does everyone have that on their portal?
I dont have that on Admissions Status section of my portal, but I have the same question. Do we send them the supporting documents (required in the conditional offer) in letter form or upload soft copies on the portal? in case of uploading on the portal, where do we upload them? there isn't any option for it?
You have to send those required documents by Courier Service. Note you must write your LUMS tracking ID on courier package.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1r316/chance_me_for_ssecs/
8 A*s O-level
A level: Bio A, Urdu A , Chem C, Phy C
SAT: 1400

I emailed lums if i fulfil their A level requirement, they said that an average of B B C in science subjects is required thus I am fulfilling it with my A C C however my A grade in Urdu wouldn’t be considered.
So, I do fulfil their min requirement but I’m worried that my C grades may leave a really bad impression. Do i have any chances of getting into SSE or should I give up. (Only applied to SSE no safeties)Also extra curriculars are really good and so is the personal statement.
you have grades equivalent to BBBB by averaging so yeah requirement tou fullfill kar di hai
Could you tell what your EC's were? 'really good' can be subjective
Ok so I was the head girl of my school, president of the music society, 2 software internships, summer school at lums, multiple gold medals in academics, music, basketball, table tennis also 100% merit scholarship in AS. Positions in debate competitions etc.
Ok fair enough MashAllah they are pretty good.
Praying you get in!
Do u think i have a chance?😭
Honestly the process is very random, even though your grades are sub-par based on SSE, your ECs could make up for it if you're lucky. Just keep praying!
can you help me out with software internships?
why won't urdu be considered?
They don’t consider Urdu a full credit subject for SSE
The process is random. Though i had a friend who got into sse last year with similar credentials. If your extracurriculars were good you have a good chance of getting in.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1pya5/requiring_100_financial_aid/
I will be requiring 100% financial aid if I am accepted into lums otherwise it will be unaffordable for me. But from what I've heard lums' financial aid is very limited and the financial aid department is of ill repute. 

Is it possible to secure 100% financial aid at lums? 
There's a common misconception about financial aid at LUMS—it primarily covers tuition fees. Your aid adjusts based on your financial need and available resources. However, it's important to note that accommodation, meals and supplies, lab fees (for SSE), one-time admission charges, and other miscellaneous expenses are not covered, and you are expected to pay for em.

For those aiming for full rides, LUMS NOP is the way to go. As a NOP scholar, you receive a generous 120% scholarship, meaning you won't have to pay a penny for your LUMS education.
Mostly  100 percent would be if you had no home and belong to rural area . Very scarce chance to get 100 PERCENT  financial Aid . It depends on your financial conditions .
If you have car/bike , proper home and did Alevels or IB ,most likely not 100 percent but you will recieve what they think you can afford easily and rest would be the Aid .
We do have a car and our own house plus I did o and a levels so...
Brother NO chance of 100 percent Financial Aid clear cut as that . But you might get some Finacial Aid depending on your financial situation.
Like how much approximately? Do u have any idea or have u seen anyone with similar background as OP's getting any aid from Lums?
5 Marla home 
2 bikes out of which one is on lease 

Here's per month breakdown 

220k monthly household income 
40k spent on bills (internet, gas, water, electricity) 
60-70k spent on food + groceries combined
15k spent on petrol for bikes 
5k my A-levels fee (I'm on 100% scholarship for alevels so only pay lab charges) 
15k spent on servant salary 
20k loan repayments 
25-30k on medical supplies/doc fee (parents are diabetic with grandmother a patient of brain strike. 
20k spent on loan repayments 

Long story short, we are left with 10k savings at the end of month as we roughly spend 210k max to meet your ends and that too in tight range . Do I stand any chance of fin aid?
Brother I am no financial Aid  expert but I am sure is that whatever  financial aid is given , it is divided into two parts, one part is wavied off and the other part is interest free loan which you'll have to pay back later .
Secondly Aid will be given but will it cover 5% ,10% or 50% tuition fee depends on the evaluation done by the committee. 
Thirdly, student loans are very common abroad , people take out student loans on low interest rates to pay tuition  fee , IN MY OPINION (not 100%sure) Lums will most likely guide you too to take external help from commercial  banks if you need more aid
.
As you mentioned  you are already into debt , this might help u score high on Aid . But only if you have good grades . 

Best of luck ,may Allah guide you and make your path easier .
that's definitely not true and whatever you have said is baseless
brother first you need to know that financial aid only covers the tuition fee and nothing else, which means you need to pay for your food and other miscellaneous expenses. Secondly, financial aid depends on your need the more or less you need it will be given.
Is there enough aid for middle class people? because 70-75 lakhs is such an amount which even most of the middle class families cant afford... does Lums consider this fact?
As I have said aid is given on a need basis and is highly subjective a lot of things are considered like your bank balance, your savings, the assets that you own, your income source, etc it's a very complex process, and after doing thorough verifications and concentrations your aid package is given it might be tuition fee wavier ranging from 20 to 100% off on tuition or maybe tuition wavier along with LUMS interest-free loans and some other package maybe. in the end, only the LUMS financial aid department is qualified enough to give any kind of judgment on this topic
have u seen any middle class people getting good aids?
yes many, in fact 40% of students at LUMS are studying on aid

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1nweg/sat_score_mandatory/
To everyone who told me SAT scores can be sent after admission:  I contacted the university, and the last date for the submission of test scores officially (through CB) is 30th May for everyone, not just the admitted students. 

If anyone is making the same mistake I was, which is waiting for an admission to send the scores, please do so now. 
did you get it rushed submitted ya normal
same, want to know if normal will be okay rn
i just called, they said if you have not received your decision then there is no deadline, so you should send it through standard shipping so its considered as a part of the evaluation
Weird, they told me to be evaluated it was necessary to send the SAT scores officially and before 30th May. I don't understand the disparity.
I did normal and then sent the invoice via email.
yeah, doing the same
Is uploading the official sat score result to the portal not enough?
Apparently not, you have to do both
Wait I thought you just had to upload the score screenshot on the document section of the application?
They need to be more forthright about these things, I too found out about this yesterday. 

I'd recommend sending them the official ones asap.
Well that sucks. It's $14 for sending the scores, lums really has no regard for students' financial wellbeing
is 30th May for all students or just for the admitted ones?
To me they said 30th May is the last date to send the SAT score for admission evaluation. But to someone else here they said there's no deadline but you do need to send it to be evaluated. So there's no clear answer except it's necessary to send the scores officially.
Can we still submit if we hv given LCAT?
Yes u can though I think the latest score that's allowed is from March 9th SAT
I have got my acceptance and nobody has asked me to send it through college board yet.
When did u get it?
April
You have to send it. Check conditional letter
Nowhere mentioned.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ma1k/any_recent_acceptances_for_hss/

I’m waiting too
does 1290 sat give a good chance for hss econ stream provided other credentials are good?
Depend on ur olevel grades too
Waiting with 1360
what about a 1470?
waiting with 1500
got in with a 1240
What were ur olevel grades?
See pm
Yup. Got mine a few hours ago.
Cred:
Sat 1380 (M: 760 &amp; E: 620)
Good ECAs
Strong PS
o/a level grades?
Matric 87%; first-year 81%
wow. nice congrats.  
im waiting with a 1330.  
hope i get in i.A
I.A

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1m38f/upgraded_admission_decisions/
does anyone know anyone who got into both their second and first preference? I applied for HSS 2nd and SSE 1st, got into HSS in the first batch but nothing from SSE yet. Please let me know 
Same happened with me. I heard ke you get revised offers. What were your creds?
same happened with me
Credentials?
7A\*s 2As 1330 inSAT i think bcs of the SAT i couldnt get into sse :(
I had similar creds with 1390 SAT. We might get in in 2nd round. I know a lot of people who had SAT less than 1300 and are in SSE, so dw hojayega. Your olevel is v good for lums
what were yours credentials
6A* 2As in Olevels and 1390 SAT
R u still not in?
No, i got in econ but not in SSE
9A\* 1B SAT 1360 2 researches n community services n debates n drama awards wbu?
How does that work ? 
So, do you guys pay the fee and confirm your seat in HSS , or are you given a waiting period ?
How do you know you will be given a  revised offer or not?
I got into hss as my first preference.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1jcss/aid/
I know that getting accepted and getting financial aid are completely independent of eachother, but does it help in getting financial aid if you have a very good profile?
No
nope. independent committees. financial aid solely depends on your financial condition.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1arf2/acceptance/
Anyone got their acceptance today or yesterday?
You do know that these posts won't fast track your application?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1abqt/school_transfer/
Hey, so wanted to know that if someone’s been accepted into some LUMS school say SAHSOL and got some scholarship say a 100% and now wants to transfer for to another school say SDSB. What’s the procedure? Is it possible? Would the scholarship be cancelled? 
I heard it's really hard to transfer schools, especially if you are going from SAHSOL to SDSB
Yes, you can switch schools in LUMS. To transfer to SDSB you need to take at least three SDSB courses and also get good grades in them. You can then apply for transfer at the end of your freshmen year, the administration will consider your transfer application based on your CGPA and availability of seats, your GPA would play a deciding factor a GPA of 3.5 or above would guarantee your transfer.  
hope this answers the question
Thank you, that was really helpful.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d13nop/about_financial_aid/
I am seeing people are receiving Selection or Rejection Mail but i have not received anything yet. What does it mean? What should i do? I am pretty sure i am not receiving it but still want to know..
It just means different people have different timelines for when their decision will be released.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d10mcn/confidentiality_about_being_on_aid/
hey guys I wanted to ask any current LUMS students or people with friends there if people can find out which students are on financial aid openly. For example, do they have any separate queues in places or are they restricted from accessing some facilities on campus? Basically, if the fact that they are on financial aid is confidential or not? I understand it is a sensitive topic and people may not want others to know they are on aid, especially in an environment such as LUMS.
There's no such discrimination and nobody knows if you're on aid or scholarship etc.
are u a student there?
Yes
Hi yes in lums if ur on aid u have to wear a green bag and carry a green water bottle the same is for NOP students. It so lums can show off its generosity to new investors. People on aid can only acess library at a certain time and there are seperate queues for them at pdc to fast track their service. The hostel aid students get are also different the rooms are mostly beside the humidifiers so its hot there and the bed and cupboards are old/ broken and alongside that this is completely satire no1 knows if ur on aid / scholarship u arnt treated differently
Nearly gave me a heart attack
lol okay thanks
You almost had me with your elaborate LUMS conspiracy theory! I was ready to debunk it ( in a brutal way ) until I spotted that cheeky disclaimer at the end. Nicely played! Lol
Rage bait lesss gooo
Sure, the university itself never discriminates with the aid students when it comes to the quality of education, the services, or the opportunities at one's disposal. Apart from the finaid/finance, this info is never exchanged with any other department or person.

However it's a completely different ball game when it comes to the social aspect of the "LUMS life" for an aid student. The aid helps you share a classroom with the privileged but sadly there exists a certain life outside only for the ones who can afford it.
I have mentioned in a thread above that the uni doesn't discriminate and while I 100% stand by it, the finaid department is surely a pain in the ass. The uni's policy of fairness and discretion on the whole gig is really commendable but somehow they have employed a couple of arrogant assholes who think they are dishing out money from their own pockets.

Once they organized an event just for financial aid students as a photo op in the largest auditorium on campus which was basically an hour long circle jerk serving as a reminder to how "fortunate" you lot are to get this "privilege". Tried to get a couple of sob stories out of the kids as well, which obviously no one is comfortable to tell unless coerced. 

My friend who was also on finaid was sick that day and couldn't attend the event. He had an OSA petition made up with a valid doctor's note and copies of prescriptions and forwarded it to the Finaid department asking them to excuse him from the event as apparently attendance was mandatory for finaid people.

Nest day he was called to the department. The lady refused to listen and did not care about the petition, all the while talking in a condescending tone. She threatened him as well k " I don't think you realize how fortunate you are, agar aap ko nahi chahiye aid toa hum kisi aur ko de detay hain, humay koi issue nahi. You could have made it to the event and then went back home."

And don't get me started on the aid qualification system that you have to go through every year. It's a complete black box. Even when your financial state has deteriorated, you can never be sure of your aid will be continued or not.
thats really sad tbvh... Lums should actually consider the fact that their fee isnt very normal, 70-75 lakhs is such an amount that even most of the middle class families cant afford, yet alone the lower class... and as far as I've seen and read on this subreddit... there's not that much of an aid at Lums for those who belong to the middle class section of the society (like those who own a house, car, etc..) which is very unfortunate..
was this event introduced last year only or does it happen every year? doesn't it beat the whole idea of getting aid being confidential then?
did you just watch CLASS or ELITE series , Nah man it does not work like that . Nobody knows and infact nobody cares what someone is doing
I've seen both of them, LOL! And I know there's no exaggerated class divide at LUMS like in 'Gossip Girl'.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zu8w/gap_year_student_and_lums_admission/
Are gap year students given admission later or there is no such thing?
No such thing
No such thing. Know gap year students who got it on the first day.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zgwg/o_level_subject_selection/
Hi 

It m choosing O Level subject . At the moment selected maths/Physics/CS/ Economics. 
Should info for business or commerce too. Are these high impact or low impact subjects. 


How is economics in O level......too much theory or conceptual. 
bhai tu idhr kya kar raha hai
I'm assuming you're from Pakistan, since you're posting in the LUMS subreddit. Maths, English, Urdu, Pakistan Studies, and Islamiyat are compulsory subjects, and you need to take three or more extra subjects of your choice.

The most common subject combinations include Physics/Bio/Chem OR Chem/Physics/Computers OR Business/Econ/Accounting. The subjects you're planning to take seem to be all over the place. I would suggest you to stay focused and choose your subjects carefully according to what career or degree you want to pursue. 

As for Economics, it is largely conceptual and not that hard of a subject if you're genuinely interested in it.
Go with sciences if you are not sure what you want to do in the future. Personally I was sure that I didn’t wanted to become a doctor so didn’t choose bio, instead opted for computer science, physics and chemistry.  But if you are 100% sure that you are not interested in working in the sciences field than you may choose humanities. But this is risky for the future. Like I mentioned depends on you what you want to do just remember that you will be unable to change the past so be careful in your decision.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zcro/lse_for_back_up_need_advice/
https://preview.redd.it/6hhlquyear2d1.png?width=1888&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=603f173c29da2214d6a5385374d93574db15840f


jiska koi nai uska lse

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ylfp/is_there_a_chance_to_get_accepted_in_lums/
I have 87.6 percent in matric (aga khan board) and 81.45 percent in inter (sindh board). I have participated in science and math competitions as well. I write urdu poetry too.I don't have too many ECAs but quite a few and in different fields. Is there any chance to get admission in LUMS...
Depends on your SAT and which school you are applying. But FSC on low side

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0y2oa/sahsolmghss/
Haven't seen acceptances from these 2 schools from the start of may. Is there a chance that we will start to get acceptances from these schools now or most of them have been accepted?
Dont know about Sahsol but I think HSS  main aik masla hai , Most of SSE and SDSB students put HSS as their second pref thus if they don't get into 1st pref they are given admission in Hss but most likely jisne SSE jana hai woh at the end Nust , Fast chala jai ga bas abhi time waste karega taking over the seat till he gets into NUST ,FAST ,GIKI etc ,
So the ones who have HSS as their 1st preference Mai get in later when these people leave their seats right?
yeah , I hope so,  as a person with 6As and 1st pref HSS  should get in but due to SSE applicant or 8As applicant with 2nd pref gets in .   
second factor is fee , Lums gives approx  10 day time period to pay fee without financial aid ,I think so the sse applicants not in mood for Hss are forced to Pay or leave the seat .
lets hope Hss give our admissions by 30 the may or 1 st,2 nd June

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ukcz/only_sahsol_people/
Drop your creds whether you got in or not.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d0ukcz)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0qfj4/admission/
Has anyone successfully got admission to LUMS after completing O'levels as a private candidate?
Only grades matter, school or being private candidate doesn't
Yes, that doesn't matter.
As a rising senior at SDSB, I can tell you right now that it doesn’t matter at all. My third year of Olevels was private too. The only thing they care about is the grades.
What were your grades?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0mt1t/are_financial_aid_decisions_start_to_come_out/
Hello. Submitted my fin aid form a month ago. Glaced over few posts claiming fin aid decisions are coming out. Those who go their decisions, comment below. I really wish all my bros &amp; sis seeking aid do actually get the aid package they need. Stay hopeful ❤️🙏😭
they don’t release them like the normal admissions. they don’t come out in batches, every application is handled individually and decisions come out over different timelines
People have different timelines for FA
Any update?
No yet brother
What was ur cl date of FA submission
Ig 25th April if I'm not mistaken
Submitted my fin aid application on may 3rd and still waiting for a reply.
let's hope for the best bruh

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0d8cs/are_any_new_decisions_coming/
Guys are any new DECISIONS coming or the batch in every school finalized. I have applied in Political Science in LUMS. Any updates specifically on that? 
They will keep coming till end of July
They will keep coming till end of July
There will be new acceptances coming very soon I believe, it's because most of the deadlines of fee payments have gone now, also FA decisions have started to come up as well, so if someone doesn't qualify for then then it will be most likely that they choose another option, so very soon lums will get to know who will join them from the acceptances they sent earlier, once clear they will probably send new acceptances

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ctx9/did_not_qualify_for_financial_aid_need_advice_on/
I honestly don't know why we did not qualify because we don't have any land or those kind of big assets and we did provide them all the documents showing how we do not have a huge amount of money left over. My parents will basically loan my entire fees and they don't really have a problem with that but I feel terrible obviously. 

I thought of nust but I only have one shot at NET and barely 2 weeks to prepare cause cies end like in june.  

(for context I am going to be doing engineering)

Any advice on what I should do?
lums isn’t worth the price tag if you can’t afford it comfortably, please look for more options, i believe GIKI and NUST are still viable. FAST can be good too
On what data are you basing this? As an employer I can tell you a LUMS graduate is far more sought after than any other university in Pakistan.
That's definitely not true, LUMS is well worth the money. Just like you can't expect the luxury of driving a Bugatti with a budget-friendly car, you can't anticipate attending Harvard, a prestigious university, with the affordability of a community college. Superior experiences, whether it's driving a high-end car or pursuing education at a top-tier institution, often come with a higher price tag.

The sooner you grasp it, the wiser your decisions will be.
I may be sailing in the same boat as you. I got my acceptance on 17th April. Filled financial aid form on that day. They've contacted me twice for further docs &amp; did verification calls. Now is 5th week going on. I'm hoping to receive my fin aid decision too soon. Did they email u? 

Also I'm also prepping for Net. I did net 2 &amp; net 3. I'll be giving net 4. I'm now experienced enough to guide u on how to prep for net after yours cies. My last CIE was 24th May tho. Anyways for NET, u need to "GRIND FSC KI MATHS AND PHYSICS". I did net 2 &amp; 3 couldn't get desired score cuz I "CANNOT SIMPLY DO RATTA OF MATHS FORMULA IN AND OUT" 

To sum up, I really really wish I could go on and join lums if fin aid doesn't become a problem. At the same time for prepping NET, I'm also wrecked down by FSc ka syllabus, ratta cramming content, things that are "exculsive" to FSc syllabus and we as alevels students NEVER studied etc. 

Life is giving us constant lemons. Surely we gonna make lemonade and sell on stall (garmi Mai leemo paani zyda bikta hai)
Yes they also emailed me. My other issue is how i want to pursue biology and fsc biology is VASTLY different than alevel ones. Uska ratta is nothing compared to the rest of subjects :/
Once you're in LUMS there are going to be many options for you, you could get a merit scholarship depending on your academic standing, and can also apply for financial aid again or secure external funding, etc and trust me the education and opportunities you would get at LUMS won't be at other universities of Pak. It's definitely worth the money!  
I wish you luck!
Hey! Lums will never give you the BEST in education. It's a network building institute. That's all there is to it. It's a place high scoring kids should definitely give a go to, but only if they can afford to or get scholarship. Warna to bilkul faida nhi hai. 
GIKI is GREAT. Also, please please please get into an affordable university, and enroll yourself in online courses that could strengthen your cv and give you an edge over others. It's SUPER important.
its pakistan honestly i dont have much options... FAST and GIKI have their own issues with gpa and time tables (according to students from their). I looked up NUST kai reviews and basically all students said they wished they went to LUMS
It depends on what kind of a student you are. If you've always had things served to you, you'd definitely want to go to Lums. Lums main networking achi hojati hai. Education k level main farq nhi hai.
I got admitted to LUMS and FAST. I left LUMS for FAST and I have no regrets. Completed my 2 years
LUMS only offers Electrical Engineering, do keep that in mind when making your decision. NUST, GIKI have much better engineering programs than LUMS by nearly all metrics, though for the sciences LUMS is a strong contender.
they also have chemical engineering
your FA decision came? When did you receive your admission and when did FA came? Did you receive an email?
the financial aid decision came for me today
He said CIES. Clearly a borger yet still saying he can’t afford.
Ok so if a person is doing O/A levels he/she can basically afford anything and everything according to the this retard.
There is a very huge difference in o/a level fees and lums fees. Go take out your anger issues somewhere else 
Bro friendly fired 💀
Yeah haha but I think they must have replied to me by mistake so no worries
You should read carefully before making a comment
Difference of what? You do realise you could pay for any uni and it doesn’t necessarily have to be a prestigious one, with the amount of money you spent to get your A/ O levels diploma. And somehow I’m the one with anger issues? Grow up, sheeple. You’re so brainwashed and I bet it would be wonderfully liberating to only see things the way how you want to see.
You got that right, dense head. Because my remark was truly laced with sarcasm. And the fact that I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you says all. Y’all need a lot of character building before coming on here with your little keyboards and lashing at people. Grow up. And even if it was meant as a joke I made a good point. You entitled, spoiled brats can afford 30K exam funds for each subject every year but are financially handicapped. If those welfare administrators really start seeing everyone from your eye then I guess half of the middle class families who can afford luxurious are eligible for it. That’s not how it works in the real world. You need a reality check starting from everything you’re being ungrateful for and hence considering yourself worse than others. There are people living under poverty line in the country you reside, and you think you deserve it more than them? How woefully misinformed you are. And yes, CAIE curriculum is the most expensive high school curriculum and you knew you would be prone to such experience where you won’t be able to afford undergrad education. Yet you prevailed being as arrogant you are just to be more posh and sophisticated than others. And where did it get you? Had you chose a curriculum which was affordable, you would’ve saved enough to pay for your tuition dues for college. Not only that, you won’t be grovelling reputable universities to admit you. Because then you would know that these prestigious universities are a mere facade and bring you no good. You would know the value of each dime you so recklessly splurge. You would know that any public, government university is as good as those with high reputations. But go on id love to see you spew more of your logical fallacies. But who are you even lying to? Because by choosing this shallow path based on “ more money spent= higher quality of education” not only did you suffer but so did your parents. If you still think you deserve “financial aid” you should’ve applied for a scholarship, I’d wager OP would do that much or less any of you. Because you want your tuition to be payed by government and in return you don’t want to contribute anything. Oh hell, because as soon as you are done with your undergrad you would very conveniently get on a plane and leave this country, disparage it on the basis that it still doesn’t provide you enough.
bro why r u so pissed-
Yea I’m pissed? Because you got called out for your petty choices. Like I said before I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you. The comment was satire, nonetheless the point still stands. Maybe you shouldn’t  have paid 30K every year in exam funds for each subject, if you really wish to pursue education in this university. A word of advice: apply for scholarship instead of financial aid, that way you get what you deserve and not leech off other people’s rights. I’m not your enemy, I only mention your shortcomings to make a point.
What about IBA? You still have a month to prepare if you know your basics
isnt IBA business? I am pursuing engineering. Also my parents will not let me go to karachi-
Yeah its buisness and cs only! If planning to go for buisness instead its best 
Well nvm then
bro check dm
Hi, how many weeks after the submission of financial aid application did you get this message from lums and did you get this notice via email or on the portal? 
Around 3 weeks. The notification was on portal and email
Wait when did you receive the mail? I applied as well and haven't received any mail yet idk why
BRO WHEN DID YOU SUBMIT THE FA APPLICATION AND AFTER HOW MANY WEEKS YOU GOT A REPLY?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0buku/admitted_into_another_uni/
I'm going to cut straight to the chase: I've gotten admission into fccu which is my second choice university and they have a payment deadline for 31st May to confirm the admission but since lums is my first choice and I haven't gotten an acceptance or rejection yet, I don't know what to do. Should I go for fccu or ask them for an extension maybe? Lums is being a real a$$ because the amount of time they're wasting of us students is ridiculous.

Help and suggestions would be appreciated.
same situation
honestly id rather go to the other uni agr lums ne yehi harkat krni hai
Ehhh only smart people stuff. I was gonna apply to LUMS also now I realise what a debacle it would’ve been. Besides, wasn’t admission deadline like in January? Why haven’t they announced anything yet?
the decision come out within the time span of 15th of april to the end of the july
Asking for an extension is a good idea. If they don't listen then you could either risk it for lums and not go to the other uni or play it safe and go to the other uni
I think they will most probably extend the submission date cuz i think they still accept students till mid of june (kam se kam for CS people)
Pay the amount. You can get refund later. HEC policy means you get 100% tuition and security refund up to the 7th day of classes.
On the admission letter it says only security is refundable
FCCU? Check again. Its HEC policy. Might be if the particular date goes forward.
after much thinking mujy to yehi samj aaya ha Pehli baat to lums is not wasting your time Lums ka merit high hai to screening process bhi lengthy hota hai To admissions July k end tak aate rehte Dusri baat, fccu ki extension maang lo, although I think nahi mile gi Uss mai phir ye scene hota hai k admission fee aap de dete ho lekin semester fee nahi dete, k baad mai first preference mai admission mil gya to udhar hi jana hai Lekin lums ka Jo muje pata hai wo admission k saath semester fee bhi bej dete hai, FCCU ne bhi agar aise hi kiya hai to abhi decide karlo fccu jana ya lums ka intezar karna hai Lums ka kitna chance hai given your matric, fsc, and SAT scores. Wo dekh lo agar lagta hai k LUMS se admission offer aa jaye gi to fccu ki fee na pay karo Agar mushkil lag raha hai to ez ho kar fccu ki fee pay karo or lums ko bhul jao
Harvard is the #1 university in the world and probably gets thousands of applications but even they don't take months to give their decision. Lums' admissions team is just lazy. But thanks for the advice, I appreciate it!!
yeah i get it lums is being pain in ass what else reason left to argue
lums is better by a landmine. fccu ki SIRF parahi achi ha that's it. lums has all of that and more, it's definitely more expensive but it's also worth the hassle in the long-term. try to figure out financial aid programs and scholarships in both before you make an actual decision though.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d09i15/applied_to_cs_program_of_lums/
does the students who have applied for Lums CS get early admission offers since it i sthe feld people apply the most 
It started along with other schools offers in April
Nope.
No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d08kmr/sahsol/
Did anyone receive an acceptance in SAHSOL? ive been waiting for far too long at this point
Same but now I am thinking that decisions for SAHSOL would come when everyone has given and submitted LAT in June
Makes sense but it is eating me up inside, did anyone of your friends apply for SAHSOL? because i dont know anyone who got in sahsol tbf
I don't know anyone personally who has gotten in yet however, I have seen extremely few people who have gotten in and most of them had law school as second preference so ig they gave them admission early so they can give upcoming LAT
A friend of a friend got in
what were his creds?
Some people have.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d065ju/will_admission_be_revoked/
Hi, I got in to political sciences at LUMS this fall hut unfortunately i missed my payment deadline for conditional offer by 15 days💀. I believe my admission has been revoked. Is there any way at all to get back from this or is my admission completely removed?
bro does not care about lums 💀 
on a more serious note: contact the finance dept and koi story daal do but it’ll be difficult considering it’s 15 days 😭
to be fair tho, i did have A level exams and i take 5 subjects so on multiple days i had three three exams on the same day, morning evening and afternoon🫡 Ig ill contact admissions office this coming week and ask them then.
haan as a student that makes sense to me too lekin lums admission office ko kya😭 goodluck though
Thanks boss🫡 pray for meeee😭
will do jee. hope to see u in sept
bro dont wait and email them abhi wtf
You are cooked! Deep-fried! Burnt to a crisp! Well-done! (Meant that in restaurant terms)🔥♨️🍖🍞
ouch 😭😭
give them a valid reason for missing the deadline. they'll accommodate
Is being busy in exams a valid enough reason😭 or do i need to kill off dome distant relative🗿💀
no wtf, make a better story 😭
Bro do you mind sharing your credentials? I applied for Pol Sci as well.
if by credentials u mean my sat and stuff then yea i had 8As in O level 3 As two Bs in AS with a 1290 SAT.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czzgj1/lums_walo_acceptance_dey_do/
now I'm not gonna bring up my credentials but compared to the people who have mentioned it under this sub reddit, I know I've done better than most. I got in last year but couldn't go due to personal circumstances. And now, I'm scared at this point honestly. I don't want to disappoint my parents a second time and I've most certainly dreamt of going here my whole life. I'm just checking day after day for a new update. I feel so disappointed. 
Tension not man. Hojayega
Yai batao Kai are you on a gap year and which program u applying for ?
yes and sse
Don't worry kid, you're going to make it. Mark my words
confirmed janati just confirmed they're janati. thank you for this. these might be the only best words of encouragement I've ever heard from someone.
bro admissions waalon ko email kr k status nahi pooch skte?
I don't think they'll know the individual status of possibly 18k+ students that applied from all over the world

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6iz8v/lahore_school_of_economics/
Guys please tell how to delete Lse online account and make a new one. I actually made a mistake in selecting program For undergraduate and cannot rectify it. I wanted to go for double major in eco and marketing but ended up doing finance and marketing. Please help!!!
I don’t think it matters. Everyone chooses their major after the first year based on their cgpa after 2 semesters.
Amd what do you study in first two semester. Like you have to select a major!
They are general courses which all the first year studies. After first two semester based on your cgpa you select your degree
Dw, just email them and the team will help you out
I emailed them but received no reply
When did u email them?
It’s genuinely not an issue, the foundation year has the same courses for everyone and then later on you have to submit which degree (Major) you’re going to go for.
Dont worry about it
Um why the talk of lse in lums Reddit? Genuinely asking

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6gyax/interview/
Is it alright to wear polo shirt for ms interview or need to be strictly formal?
Rock a Ralph Lauren polo and Ferragamo kicks to guarantee your admission （￣︶￣）↗　
Dude 😂
MS interviews still going on? I though they were done with it last week. Which program did you apply to?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5yhw3/biomedical_engineering/
Does lums offer biomedical engineering 
NO, they only offer EE and chem E
No but they have BS Biology
no only bio

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5xh0r/has_someone_been_admitted_to_sahsol/
has someone been admitted to SAHSOL in the last 2-3 days?
Ye sub mill ker humay pagal bana rahay motherboard k bachay 😞
Motherboard 😭😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sxwd/do_you_get_the_same_exposure_and_campus_life_in/
the title.
No
Also i should add, in todays day and age one can get a good exposure to the US grad school and big corp market by being at any institution tbh. 

Lums might give you an edge but it’s not impossible or even hard to succeed an avg lums graduate in terms of employability or grad school acceptances. People in our country lack awareness, and sm people who network with the right people, actually put in the hours to look for opportunities end up succeeding, irrespective of where they are.

A senior of mine, Faseeh, who did an UG in Eco math plus minor in CS at IBA got accepted from 3 Ivy Leagues and Duke ( Columbia, Princeton, Yale). Also, he got into Dukes most selective program for Analytical Political Economy where they only select 10 students from a pool of mere 1500-1700 applicants. This just proves that all the yapper community of reddit whose entire purpose is to demean you if you’re not going to LUMS and tell you how dogshit your life will be if you don’t go to LUMS are just a bunch of cry babies and nothing else.

Also if anyone follows this guy called tabarak rehman, he recently interviewed a software engineer working in boston making 300k USD a year. Guess what, the dude did his undergrad in EE from UET lahore ( class of 2020) and got into Northwesterns Engineering Management for his Masters. 

Sure, im not saying that if you choose to go to these places hoping to replicate the exact same thing i mentioned above ke you’ll have it easy, but all im saying ke yapping about lums as the sole savior of your future and the only ticket to US universities is bullshit. If they can do it, so can you. Don’t let anyone demean you or tell you that your life is over it you can’t go to lums for a genuine reason.
It seems you're trying to convince yourself 😂 this post isn't even about job prospects after LUMS 🤡or your so-called perspective that an institution as great as LUMS shouldn't get the well-deserved recognition it receives. It appears as though you believe those who work hard and hope for admission to LUMS and are motivating others to try their best to get into the best institution are just a bunch of crybabies in your eyes, and your narcissistic validation is the only truth ( that's some peak level of irony). However, reality is very different from what you perceive. I hope you soon realize this and consider refraining from making irrelevant comments on different posts.
Not even close
I don't think so
similar employment prospects, lums might be slightly better in terms of exposure and campus life.
The same career opportunities but not the same social life however a good one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sn77/ibcc_equivalence/
Has anyone applied for equivalence online or through courier. If so can anyone guide me through the process
Don’t do it online I’ve seen some posts where people complain of how long it takes and how bad the system is best is to go to the office and get it done in my opinion
Got it through online, and it took 15 days
Can you explain the process please
I just followed the steps on website, (selected online method)
How did u submit your documents then?
Take scanned pictures and upload them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o5xv/test_exemption/
I am applying for BBA programe of IBA round 2. I have a SAT score of 1320 which I think is enough for test exemption but the portal still asks me for test centre and payment of test even though I have given them my SAT score. Do I still have to pay for the test?
Register for your nearest center. They'll give you exemption slip a bit later afaik
You need to have a minimum of 600 in each section I think .
yes, I emailed them the same query and they replied that you have to select the nearest center even if you are exempted from the test because it is required to identify the candidate's location in case you get called for an interview.
and also you need to have a minimum of 600 in each section so check that too
I do have 600 in both section and secondly do tell me about payment issue?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o0o8/can_i_apply_to_sdsb/
I wanted to join sdsb in lums for acf .i gave business and maths and plan to give physics in oct/nov, can i still apply or would i have to take accounts?
Yes you can. There are no pre requisites for sdsb.
can u guide how to do so?
Just apply and fill in the application thats it lol.
can we apply right now as well? Aren't the applications closed now? or is it open throughout the year?
They open again in November and the deadline usually end of Jan
So I can start writing the application from tomorrow for the coming Nov u mean?
No, the form itself will be available from November.
oh okk gotchaa..!!
Open the lums website online and make your own account. Then just fill in the application form. Don't hesitate to ask for help.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5lujx/how_does_1st_semester_looks_like_for_someone/

u can dm
Sent you a message
Bad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5kcny/lums_admission/
I received my conditional offer and according to it if i get below 70% my admission will be revoked. Do i have to obtain above 70% in 2 year only or the total result ( 1 year and 2 year) will be considered for acceptance. 
When did u get your conditional offer?
Last month.
Credentials?
96 % in metric. 80% in fsc part 1 and 1470 sat score.
School? And congratulations 🙌🏻
Thanks. I got admission in HSS
Total 70% above
Overall FSc 70+

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5k83b/for_people_who_recently_got_admission/
When did you get your admission?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d5k83b)
i have a question  
one of my relative want to get admission in LUMS but he has a one year gap after his FSC can  he still get the admission
Gap year doest matter until you did something  productive or have outstanding  marks .
Productive like what activities and are you talking about intermediate marks?? And how much
Metric/Olevels matters the most intermediate  main 70 % hona chiye bas 
Productive yani kuch extra curricular  kiya ho ya phir solid good reason ho gap year ki .
And do intermediate marks matter more?
Nah bas 70 % ya above hona chiye 
You should better see it on lums website.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/
the caption
Yes many people
Rejections dekhin hain abhi tak. Mere 2 friends ki rejection ai ek ki kal aur ek ki I guess 3,4 din pehle
Aid rejection ya admission?
Aid rejection
I'm waiting too, I contacted them and they said they will mail us soon so be patient. But i think they might have mailed all rejected student first( not sure just an assumption). But I don't believe I'll get the aid because if the financial aid is fully based on need based , I don't think I'll get that. But hope for the best
Yar be positive. Hope we get what we asked for. There's always has been the same strategy of fin aid office. They first eliminate those who they think don't deserve aid, only then they start sending aid letters to those who are left. If your aid decision is taking long, it somehow means a good thing
Hope so, I want to ask you something, during application period, do we have to submit documents physically as well? I mean I'm not confirm but heard that we have to submit the documents physically as well.
I haven't gotten any official email asking me to submit any doc physically
Well if we look at the portal, there's a print your application label smthing, 
Also did you notice that theirs a new tab at the portal of SCS invitation Status? Was it there before or ....? Does you have that too?
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-06-02 07:08:33 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2007:08:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/l6lc1i2/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d5h3l0%2Fanyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet%2Fl6lc1i2%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2007%3A08%3A33%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d5h3l0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Yes. They didn’t give any aid
Will you go for lums?
Yes, I will even though my family will have to pull some strings (selling a few assets)
which degree program?
SBASSE (chemical engineering)
rahhh boi. I also got into chem engineering program. haha
😭😭😭
The individuals who have been accepted early are currently receiving their decisions.
i was accepted on 19th april. still awaiting my financial aid decision. it's almost like fifth week going on

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5duac/i_am_attending_short_course_about_ai_and_machine/
Anyone have you experience in any short course at lums? Does it worth it?
At CES? I'll be getting their Mandarin course!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5avtc/fccu_shots/
anyone who aint got acceptance from lums yet and thinking to go fccu ladies and only ladies (gentlemen can also) reach me so i can make friends before uni to survive the shit outta fccu 
hi there
Admissions are opening in July right?
ion know check out the website bro
lse chalay jao usay behtar
sat ka score kum ha buhat ziyada
unka apna test day dou not hard at all everyone gets in
guide me through that concept please
https://chat.whatsapp.com/GLjYMXyVfyS9dO5eVdf6Ua
this is lse group link you can join it
kiya tha join dead asf gc no a few people there
Kitna SAT score best consider hota hy lse kay liay?
1260 +
Not at all. FCCU much better
SAT 1200+ accepted but u can give their own test which is a little easier than SAT.
So jao
waiting for that advice, thanks for motherly idea

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d531w2/help/
I applied to MGHSS (Humanities and Social Sciences School) and received an offer. Does this mean I'm unable to pursue the economics stream, forcing me to stick with majors offered solely within social sciences and humanities? Or do I have the freedom to choose my major from scratch, regardless of what I selected in my application?
Only social sciences and history, not economics
what was your intended major? and yes you can study econ and take courses in econ stream even if your intended major wasn't econ!
No the person applied to for political science, the social sciences stream not econ
When did you receive the offer?
Yesterday
on 30th may?
What were your credentials?
Doesnt matter
You would have to apply for a stream transfer which is quite difficult.
Same problem with me, got accepted into social sciences but was hoping for economics stream instead. I am from a science background
Brother I also applied to HSS ,so the seen is this 
1 years well have to study all subjects in economic stream if chose economics only then .e.g economics, maths and political science and after exam and cgpa then we'll declare majors .
I am waiting for my acceptance can please share your credentials as it gives hope / motivates to keep the hope.
so as soon as i enroll into lums i won’t have to study courses for english literature (major i chose at time of application) and can choose any courses i want? ps i really don’t want to do english lit 😭
No ,I don't think so,  you can't study economics if you haven't  chosen it on application form .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51llq/help/
I gave both Urdu A and Urdu B in olevel and mentioned only Urdu b grade which is A* in Ibcc equivalence form which is online.So, will there be any problem. Secondly in how much time will I get my equivalence certificate if I apply on-line and do I have submit any document through TCS
No there will not be any problem with the urdu thing
Did you get into lums
I wish
few weeks i guess. you could choose urgent option as well if you want . faster delivery + more expensive. not sure about TCS but I think you dont need to . Check karlena
If you apply online, there's no need to send any document through TCS.
I have uploaded my CNIC and result certificates. Are they enough?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51j6k/sahsol/
Hello, I've applied to SAHSOL ( with humanities as second option) and am wondering if i can get accepted with my current grades. 

International Baccalaureate:
MYP score 44 
SAT 1240 
IBDP predicted of 37

O level: 
PK studies A* 
ISL A 

thank you 
If you have written a good personal essay, you can easily secure admission with these scores in sahsol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d50l4h/sat_deadline/
whats the next deadline for SAT as i missed the first test and whens the test also can i apply to unis with that SAT as deadlines are probably gonna end by then
Bhai sat har month hota hai except July I think u can check on Google.
late dainay par admission hojata hai?
Kider bhai ?
Lums main oct se start hota addmission form till January tak 
Last date to give SAT is March for recent year addmission 
2024 admission ka liya   March ka sat last SAT tha .
ok thnx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5054a/hmi_acceptance/
Anyone with Acceptance??
What is HMI ?
Hospital Management And Innovation.
Not yet
How was your interview
50/50. :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4te4a/sahsol/
I have heard of many people getting accepted in SAHSOL, are there any seats left at this point or should we just look for other options
Heard about a someone made group of people who got accepted in SAHSOL, and there were less than 20 people in it.
how many seats are there in total?
80-100
A lot of people aren't paying either so seats are still open
SAHSOL is not worth the fee they are charging. No job prospects afterwards. 5 years of degree program. 1 additional year feel like a decade. 
—SAHSOL Alumnus.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sk6x/help/
My bro recently done with his internediate exams he got 90 % in matric n expecting the same in inter what could be the pathway to study in lums , study resources etc can anyone plz guide 
Give SAT or lcat whatever is convenient. Better to give the latter though.
Lcat for law from lums ?
Lcat is their own test. 

For law in Lums, you have to either send in SAT score or give their lcat( or both whatever works for you). Then obviously have send in your LAT test results.
Ok thanks i didnt know about lcat , he wants to pursue cs so bettter he should opt for lcat or sat ?
Better to go for sat and get atleast like 1450 for a safe chance
Ok n how to prepare for SAT. Like academy or self study ?
[deleted]
Here's a sneak peek of /r/Sat using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!

\#1: [Can i get into Harvard?](https://i.redd.it/7wfouj6kpxyb1.jpg) | [128 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17pv9w7/can_i_get_into_harvard/)  
\#2: [I think I just won the SAT](https://i.redd.it/oh951s0c6ovb1.jpg) | [141 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17djn2o/i_think_i_just_won_the_sat/)  
\#3: [Local high school, this is scary](https://i.redd.it/j96ll67kmjmc1.jpeg) | [331 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/1b79n5h/local_high_school_this_is_scary/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| ^^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| ^^[Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/) ^^| ^^[GitHub](https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot)
Thanks !
Actually he wanted to study cs from lums any leads hv ni idea about admissions n tetsing criterion
So, CS comes under SSE school of lums. Pretty tough to get into. I would advise him getting a 1450+ SAT score to have a comfortable chance. His matric and FSC seem fine. You also have to give a science aptitude test lums conducts as well.
Thanks buddy
 They are alot of resources for SAT as its international.  

For English section:

Erica L Meltzer's books on reading and Grammer.

For maths:

1600.io Orange book and college panda.


And use Khan academy's course for SAT for both sections along with the above resources. And should be fine.
Thankyou soo much 🙂 !
You could also check fast. My brother is doing his cs from there. Seems like a good university. In fact higher ranking in cs than lums.
Required merit.  Marks etc plz guide ? N whats the criteria
Hey, the statement is somewhat ambiguous. If he has completed his intermediate education and assuming that he didn't apply for this intake, then the only option left is to apply for the next year's fall intake in 2025 after taking a gap year.

Alternatively, if he has completed the exams of intermediate part 1 and is now in intermediate part 2, then it's the right time for him to start preparing for the LUMS application. He should begin preparing for the SAT, and if he needs SAT preparatory resources, you can reach out to me. He should also start focusing on completing his Statement of Purpose (SOP) and getting his extracurricular activities in order. If he hasn't been involved in any extracurricular activities, it's high time for him to start participating in activities related to his major. Since CS at LUMS is highly competitive, his SAT scores and grades in intermediate should be top-notch to stand a chance. It's also important to have backup options. If you need any more help, feel free to dm me.
Go for SAT as it has many resources than LCAT which basically based on fsc rather than matric board system. With a sat score he'd be able to apply to other universities without giving their entrance tests.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sgs0/decision/
keep your eyes on your portal today at 5pm 😉. D**ON'T BELIEVE ME I'M JUST JOKING. HEHEHE :) **
Naughty naughty.
☠️
my username says it all

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4okur/phd_applicants_chance_me/
BS CGPA: 3.18

MS CGPA: 4

Published researches: 3

Did well on the LGAT, not so well on the Subject Based test. 

Haven't heard from lums yet
This reddit is mostly used by undergrads applicant . No one has idea ke kis ke kab ajai .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4nw0i/admission_in_lums/
I am a national champion and also placed top 15 in the world in a sport I play, I wanted to ask if this could help my chances to join lums with average grades. I also have a major chance in competing in the Olympics in 2028.
It can boast your application but primarily the academics hold more weight
i don’t think you can get into lums without a lvls or an equivalent degree
The foundation year I did is equivalent to A levels
could u tell your complete academic credentials? o lvls/a lvls and sat if given
I gave 6 o levels didn't give maths. I have 5 B and 1 C 
I did level 3 foundation year and I haven't given a sat. I know it's a long shot but was just checking to see if it's possible.
mushkil hai boss. although im interested in what sport u played
It's basically shooting. It's a Olympic sport called skeet shooting. A target the size of a small plate moves at 110kmph and you have to shoot it mid air.

https://youtu.be/W5MWMaraDEo?si=9X0CXABFX5XUPmOI 

This is my video.
that’s pretty cool ngl
Yeah pretty fun
Yes i had worked with UN and other similar orgs (even with decent grades like 9/10: 89% ; 11/12: 81% ; sat:1310 


I haven't got a response so lums focuses alot on grades n stuff
I hope you get a response soon. Btw I am also interested in yk kind of WORKING with these big organisations. Can you tell what you did and how you did it. I do wanna experience it
Apply for HSS and mention all that stuff in your application. You will have a very good chance even with minor grades
What is HSS? I haven't done A levels due to my sport I always had my nationals in May. I won the 2023 and 2024 nationals while setting nationals record and being one of the youngest to ever win in this sport. I have done a foundation year and have 5 B and 1 C in o levels. I know my grades are that good but I'll most probably be representing pakistan in the Olympics while studying in lums so that has to have some kind of value while getting and admission. I haven't gone through the admission process but I'll try buy visiting the uni and see if I could get a chance.
lums Arts schools.
yo chad! m an international champ. wanna compete??
Bro not bragging this is a legit question I focused on my sport more than my studies so just wanted to check if it's possible for me to get into lums
here in Pak, i don't think any other uni will value your sports this much than LUMS... so Yeah, u have gud chances but also look up for backups!
Worst come worst I am thinking I'll join the lgs idp. 
And if you think I was joking about my sport achievements 

https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/1164469-imam-sets-record-in-national-shooting-skeet-event 

My name is imam.(btw I don't come from a army background I don't wany any controversy regarding this xd)
i trust u champ! but keep LUMS ur 1st priority (in PAK)
Yeah I'm gonna try my hardest for lums. I could have gotten way better Opportunities in the US including full scholarships because of my shooting but I won't be able to train as I do in lahore. My main focus Isn't on studies it's on winning a Olympic medal
Solid chance
NGL you do have a chance. I myself know someone who got into SSE (most competitive school) with good grades( for SSE grades must be excellent) and not excellent but good ecs. So ecs do play a part. You will probably apply next year. You still have time to improve your grades and the sport you play will definitely boost up your application. So don't lose hope just try to get better grades.
Rooting for you and Hope to see you in 2028 olympics!!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4l2uf/doc_submission/
I missed my deadline to submit my result cards. Will it have any affect if i submit it later?
Email LUMS about the situation

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4f5ae/o_levels_grade/
Assalamu alikum wanted to ask if my o level grades are good enough for lums 
I got 2A* 4As 2Bs and 1C and will my equivalency be of 9 or 8 subjects?
Boost
equivalency is based on 8 subjects so unless its important for ur field, C grade subject will be be ignored (unless its like cs and u want to study cs in future)
I got an A in cs but a c in English is it okay if I don’t add my marks in English
depends on what course in what uni ur aiming for check on their site. generally eng show karni parhti hai but rest grades are fine so even if u do equivalency pe khas farq nai pare ga dw
Lums kay liye English is a very important subject I would say English ka retake Dedo

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4d0cv/rejections/
Has anyone received any rejections as of now? 
Some people have.
Yes
Yes low creds people
proof?
Ap toh chup kerjao about proofs bht logon ko rejections gai hongi there are barely 50 active memebers on this sub

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4c3g5/chances_of_getting_into_lums/
O level Grades: 10 As and A*s (5 A and 5 A*)
Extra-curriculars: Good 
SAT Score: 1290 
Gave LCAT and overall it went okay. Found the english section easier than the math tho. 
SSE test was also mid/fine because it was mostly approximation so i’m not sure about my answers. 
im not usually the heart breaking person. liken sse ka liya u need 1450+ sat score. so uss level ka LCAT chahiya hota ha. ur olevel result was very good liken sat bohut off ha,
Allah behtr karna wala ha hope for the best cuz kiya pta SSE aur LCAT acha hee giya ho apka. aur LUMS kee cycle isnt based on creds so dont worry jo hoga Allah na behtr ka liya socha hoga
Low chance on SAT. Lcat might save you.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4b62j/how_long_does_it_take_for_the_lums_package_to_come/
I just got accepted so how long does it take 
When you got accepted?
Interesting .....
Usually next day or two. Sometimes it takes more time depending where you live.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4ajxc/ms_interviews/
Do everyone gets called for the interview or they shortlist few people for that?
Shortlisted people

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d47f7c/can_someone_help_me_and_provide_resources_for_lat/
Title 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4784e/do_i_have_a_chance/
I am 17 with 1A\* and 6As in Olevels with a 1470 SAT score and 2 internships  and 1 at which was paid including 1 science olympiad attended and Harvard CS50  course and i was also apart of the directors of the first ever ACM(Association of Computing Machinery which is one of the largest cs organizations in the world) program for a highschool in Pakistan Applying for SSE BS CS. What are my chances? becuase i am insanley worried and i havent recieved an admission yet..
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
yup
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
yup
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d454vt/docs/
So i have a little bit of a situation. I dropped out of another uni and applied to lums as a last resort. I havent gotten my acceptance yet. But the previous uni still has my original documents because im facing some probs related to clearance. Now i wanna know when do u have to submit your original documents to lums. do you have to when you go to the campus after admission or do you have to right after acceptance. Im rlly worried 
You need to send email of equilence of olevel and alevel if you haven't gotten alevel result yet then you give it once you've received it.
You should use ask admission or call them for clarification
im of fsc bg

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/
Hello everyone. Do the financial aid decisions come sharply within 4 to 6 weeks or they may come after six weeks?  It has been about five weeks since I have submitted my FA application, but the decision hasn't been communicated as of yet. Those who know, please guide.
bhai 6 se ooper tou nai huwe na😭
RemindMe! -2 day
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2024-06-02 06:04:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2006:04:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/l6ftndr/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d451bm%2Ffinancial_aid_decision%2Fl6ftndr%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2006%3A04%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d451bm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42gtf/only_for_those_who_are_planning_to_give_sat_in/
Hey SAT aspirants! 🎓 If you're planning to take the SAT in 2024 or 2025, this is the group for you! Join our WhatsApp group to access tons of free Digital SAT resources, share your queries, and discuss strategies. Get exclusive guidance from high achievers and learn tips for acing the exam. We also provide insights on applying to LUMS and other international universities. Resources for the SAT can be scarce, so let's pool our knowledge, support each other, and guide each other to success. Together, we can achieve our dreams! Ready to boost your SAT score and get into your dream school? Join us now!
Link 🔗 
https://chat.whatsapp.com/FFj6jTf65q3FBxUPvOavKj

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42ejx/how_would_one_deal_if_their_lums_dorm_room_were/

grab a fork, stab the lizard, eat it, save the head and pin it to ur wall to spread the message to other lizards never to fuck with you
funny but unhelpful
well, for a serious answer, i would say bait it with apples and trap it, then call exterminators (if LUMS has that facility? idk my hair's turned grey stressing over admission decisions) to extract the lizard?
Bait a lizard with apples?! Dafuk 💀💀💀
lizards eat apples. slices, not with seeds, small amounts tho.
Won't ask you how you know that. Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).
&gt;Won't ask you how you know that.

simple experiment when i was a child.

&gt;Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).

that's....the chameleon?
No dude (now you're bringing back some awful mental images). They also have sticky tongues. Seen a butterfly get swallowed that way too.
thanks, although i’d be out my room as soon as i spot one (God forbid) so the exterminators will have to do everything from the trapping to the killing
I think you can make good money by killing chipkilis for others like a hitman , all you need is a broom and clients.
if such a person existed i’d be their top client
Its the Chipkali's room now. You just live there.

I have an pellet gun which I use to take out the pests. Its good practice and I don't have to get too close incase the little shit decides to jump on me. The worst part is sweeping it up on a dust pan and throwing it outside for the cats
U can dm me for assistance and i’d come to save the day!

Online emotional support ($5)

In-Person emotional support ($25)

Online how-to exterminate L*zard advice ($15)

Physical L*zard extermination by our best huntsman ($60)
&gt;by our best huntsman

By our only huntsman* 😂
Uhm, well 👉🏻👈🏻
[deleted]
you’re a lot braver than me I fear bcoz the most i’d be able to do in that situation would be to run for my life
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
its a hostel, not a 5 star hotel
yea, get it. but when you pay 4M to an institution yearly, they are somehow obligated to make you feel at home and prioritize your comfort. how are we supposed to study at such an unhygienic and pest-infested place? especially when many of the students suffer from entomophobia among other reasons. Simply, we got enough on our plates to worry about especially when it comes at the expense of leaving your family for the prospect of education at a completely alien place.
Ask the chipkali, very politley, to divide the fee of lums since it's living with you and im pretty sure it'll leave 😭
I prefer the country mouse though iykyk
eat that shi**
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
they better be cuz i can’t be found anywhere near a l*zard
oh, so you're asking too? I thought you were experiencing it first-hand right now.I am not sure, though, but it is as reputable as LUMS defo should, but then again, Pakistan has more species of arthropods/ reptiles than mammals.
yup i’ll be starting this fall and my top concern is just the lizards so just wanted to see what to do in this perilous situation
I guess you'll have to face your fears :)
Visitors are allowed in dorm rooms?!?!?!
Call us at LUMS as we are also lumsian. we will kill all lizards after all 2 nafallon ka sawaab kon chorta ha.
i will take this offer seriously
**ok We will charge 50 cents per lizard**
i shall pay happily

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41ngx/dsat_scores/
So I sent lums my scores through CB and they arrived by like 28th of March and I got my offer on 20th of April. But they are still asking me to send the dsat scores in the letter. So can I just ignore that or what? 
It’s just a generic acceptance letter with all requirements on it. If you have already sent it via CB you can check it off the list.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41apx/rejected_people/
For the people who got rejected how did u find out like what was the email
I don't think anyone is rejected as of yet. They're just sending acceptances as of now
No bro there are rejection my friend got rejected last month
Some people uploaded their rejections way back in April search in the subreddit you'll find them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d40n4y/equivalency_submission/
How and where should I submit the equivalency?
Email them the Equivalency at admissions@lums.edu.pk
Do they respond when they receive it? I just sent my equivalency on their email.
Automated email. They don't respond or anything.

It doesn't really matter for o/Alevel students. As it's just a formality to fulfill HEC requirement

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/
Please everyone be truthful n honest here, cuz the results of this poll can impact a lot of students/aspirants.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d3z7qm)
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-31 08:43:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-31%2008:43:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ara7b/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ara7b%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-31%2008%3A43%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
RemindMe! 2day
have aid decisons started coming out?
Yeah, for those who got admissions in the earlier lots...
One of my friends got 100% off on tuition.
His financial background? give a little sketch if u can... thanks!
He is an academically exceptional student who studied on scholarship throughout high school (although your FA has nothing to do with academics but just giving a background). He belonged to a typical middle-class family. His father has a job in Dubai and he has three siblings. All of their household expenses are covered by his father's monthly pay; there is no other source of income. They live in a joint family and do not own their house or other family assets. They don't own a car but do have a bike. They had no savings in bank accounts and had only one AC, and that's all ik!

He was smart, and LUMS has always been his dream school, so he worked hard in high school and got accepted to LUMS' most competitive CS program in the first batch. He didn't let his financial worries get in the way and secured a 100% scholarship! I'm so proud of him! Love you, S.
I was accepted at lums in first batches (19th April) in EE. I also have one AC at home. 5 Marla home. No cars but two bikes. I've also studied at 100% schoalrship throughout my Alevels. I'm awaiting my financial aid decision.family already in debt. Parents are both teachers
Congrats on your acceptance! I hope you get your desired aid package (✿◠‿◠). See you at LUMS! 😍
Decisions ana hi 19 ko start hoay thay acc. to LUMS ap 17 ko kesy select hogaey.
Sorry pa jee. Ghalti hogi. 19th ko hee acceptance Aayi thi. I just re-confirmed on portal. It was 19th April infact 🙏.

Im sure you must've gotten on 19th too so that's why I see you've remembered it pretty well 👍🌟
na yaara wesay hi mein heeran hoa koi baat nhi jab marzi aey hoon select toh hoay which matters MASHALLAH
Decisions started being released on April 15th, not the 19th.
Ask the same question to Lums they will tell you due to eid holidays decisions started coming in late April (acc. to lums ) and 1st batch was released on 19 th april
Well, I received my decision on April 17th. Many people I know also received their admissions early, so it's not true.
Check your conditional letter 19 April would be mentioned on it . I've not seen any acceptances other than the fake ones before April 19.Lums would not be wrong about their own decisions date.
When did he get his Aid Result?
He called me last night and told me about his aid package.
RemindMe! 4day
I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2024-06-06 07:28:11 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-06%2007:28:11%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ql3es/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ql3es%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-06%2007%3A28%3A11%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3yo08/fccu/
i have a question like people who have paid registration fee and administration fee for fccu cuz of its deadline and they are still waiting for the admission! where are you all ? have you made any community or a gc ??? if yes then please let me know and add me cuz my anxiety is at its peak tomorrow is last date for confirmation of seats and im still confused 
Hmm
Hmmm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3x3xx/ms_business_and_public_policy_interview/
Any advice on what types of questions that they ask?
It's important to be prepared for a wide range of questions during your interview. These might include inquiries about your Statement of Purpose (SOP), your research experience during your Bachelor's degree, your college experience, your passion for the program, your choice of LUMS, your future goals, and more. It's crucial to answer these questions sincerely and avoid giving generic responses. Your tone should be persuasive, conveying to the interviewers that you are genuinely invested in the opportunity. However, it's important to strike a balance and not come across as overconfident. Confidence is key, so remember to be yourself and stay composed.
Did they call you OP? When? 😭😭😭
Email today
Could you share a little bit about your credentials..whatever you're comfortable with..


Also I'd recommend watching the lums b and p podcasts on YouTube..they share tips from the admissions committee what they're looking for.What they said is ''keera hona chahiye for doing something good in the world'' and that they will ask you things from your ps to see if it matches up with what you say in the interview and if you have written it




Congrats op.Youre living the dream.Best of luck.
Thank you! I actually completed my bachelor's from SDSB too 2 years ago, and couldn't find a better option for graduate school in Pakistan than LUMS hahah. Thank you for the advice!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3jz7x/how_many_admissions_left/
Does anyone have any idea about how many admissions have been given and how many are left? Because its already almost june and alot of people are waiting. The total intake is 1100-1300. Going off of that what do u guys think? 
the acceptances are literally released randomly without any specific criteria and will continue till end of july
Pretty less people on Reddit, so people might be getting admissions and are not reported here
Acceptances can come literal days before o week starts
The lums community here is just a fraction of the whole lot of undergraduate admission aspirants. If we are not seeing admissions posts here doesn't mean that people are not getting admissions lol.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3ie4p/may_ending/
Do only those applicants get acceptance after may 30th who were placed on the wait-list or the ones not put on the wait-list can also get accepted after this date?
All the acceptances aren't even out yet. You get wait listed in after mid June and July. And yes you do still get admissions
bhai dua karo mera liya bhi aur apna liya bhi , 30 se le ke 2 june tak ajai uske baad mid se waitlisted hota hain
bhai relax hojao easy scene hai pichle saal mere dost ki july me acceptance aye thi

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3hwmq/getting_a_little_concerned_now/
Although  I am giving Alevels composite and my expected grades are A* A*  A and C but my internal(School) grades were A* B D D (I am an A* student but due to SAT prep was not able to score well in internals ) , will this create issue for my admission  in HSS .
I had 2A*4As and 3B in Olevels . 
ezy scenes inshallah ajai ga .
❤️IA
Same case. Got 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS Level. But due to NUST entry tests in March &amp; Feb, I messed up my internals. Although I've already gotten into lums, I just hope my final A-levels grades are not messed up😭😭

I'm also awaiting my fin aid decision
Brother hogya toh phir koi masla nahi , idher ai toh sahi ,fin Aid toh mil jai ge on finacial conditions.  Admission  ajai bas .
Inshallah brother. I really pray all my homies get in. Manifesting meeting y'all at lums. Inshallah 🙏🌟🌟
LUMS looks on ur olevel and SAT Alevel isnt looked upon that much

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3gcvr/print_mailing_label/
What is the purpose of mailing label ?
When you have to send a parcel to lums, you stick it on the parcel.
Ohh thanx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3g0t7/lums_mba_acceptance/
Hello. Has anyone got acceptance for MBA? How much time would it take regarding decision of the admission?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3fns7/do_i_have_a_chance/
1300 SAT , 5A\*s and 4As in olevel , A B C in alevels , good ecas , one gap year

I'M SUPER FRUSTRATED AND TENSED AT THIS POINT:(
School?
SSE
Well, your SAT score is bit low. Otherwise good chances
ya... anyways umeed pr duniya qaim hai:)
Yes, i am doing that too
may we recieve acceptances in the coming week .. Insha'Allah
Bro LUMS ki date nikal gai hai?
kis cheez ki?
Just hope for the best, i know waiting is so tiring :(
ya but tension is constant due to the uncertainity:(
i agree and i feel the same but hoping for the best is the only resort:(
Low chances bro
lets hope for the best

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/
So I got admitted into BS undergraduate program at SBASSE at LUMS last month, the problem however is that I really want to get into Computer Science major. However, as stated in their pamphlet, there are only 200 seats available. Now, i wanted some advice; preferrably from someone doing computer science, how hard is it to get into computer science? What are the total number of seats per batch in SBASSE(i just wanna figure out how many people would be competing for the 200 seats). I was also wondering, will it be a problem if in my A levels i did not take Computer Science at all? I took bio, chem, physics and math. But in o levels i did do cs as an extra subject too. I would LOVE if someone could please help me out :)
!remindme 24 hours
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-30 13:31:18 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-30%2013:31:18%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/l667fsk/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3c0bn%2Fgetting_into_computer_science%2Fl667fsk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-30%2013%3A31%3A18%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3c0bn)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I would like to know too though I would assume that majority would want to go into BSCS.
aesa tension mereko kahe nahi milta😔☺️
Bahahaha yaar medical chhor ke iss field mein ghuss raha hun tension leni parti🥲
🤣🤣🤣same scnz...medical me kuch nahi raha...sed loif🫠🫠
Ahhh true plus i REALLY dont wanna give that stupid mdcat itna faaltu system hai😭😭
dawg i am already dead...i can understand...imagine mbbs k bad kya haal hoga when the entrance exam sucks your soul🙏🥴...everything is shitttt man

"kya itna bura hu me maa'😭
Brooo istg mere se tou lcat aur lsat mar mar ke diya gaya hai mdcat kia khaak dun ga💀💀💀plus no point in medical agar cs field mein bhi utna/zyada paisa hai🥲🙏🏼
ikr...best of luck buddyy

kaafi ragra lagega 😭😭😭but ig we premeds can survive anywhere😂
Hello, I'm currently a CS major. You getting a CS major depends entirely on your performance in your freshman year. Particularly in CS100, Cal 1, and Linear Algebra.
My batch has around 350 people (SSE) and roughly half are CS majors. There has been an increase in the number of students in recent years, I would guess around 400. 

I didn't find it that difficult to get a CS major but I do know people who struggled with it. Again, it comes down to your performance in your courses. Regarding the A level thing, it doesn't matter whether you took CS or not.
Oooohhh okay thank you so much! This was a huge help honestly. I’ll focus on my studies as much as possible ofc but its a relier to know all this, and that thing abt a levels too :)
No biggie. Lemme know if you need help with anything else.
If you give attention to your studies and perform well in CS 100, Math 101, and Math 120, it is easy to get ahead of your peers in the first year and secure your seat. The main reason is that many students are not serious during their first year and waste their time.
Ohhhhh okayyy thanks a lottt! I understand some people may not be serious, but i can at least secure my own seat in this way :)
My experience with CS was not good in Alevels and for that reason  I AM OUT ,  
on the other hand Cs is competitive and today almost everyone wants to do it thus you'll need to compete and maintain a very high GPA almost near 4 to get into that program . Best of luck for your future endeavors .  
(Ignore my Shark tank dialogues but you get the idea )
Ahh i see! A level cs is tough is what my friends have told me, but in lums if i wanna do a major in BS it has to be cs, ofc it’ll require a lot of hard work i was just trying to estimate how much competition there will be. Regardless, thanks a lot :)
Nah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3btgm/admission_email/
Haven't received acceptance from LUMs. First preference SSE second preference MGHSS. 1400 sat, AS 3as 1b, O level 8a* 2 a. Gav LCAT and science test as well. Is it a good call to send them an email of continued interest and ask them for an update as I haven't gotten acceptance?
Ohh bhai wtf teri kyu nhi ayi
khud samajh nahi aa raha kia scene hai
I think LCAT ki weja se abhi nhi aya. Abhi tk Kisi LCAT wale Ka result nhi Aya Most probably 
You’re definitely getting in. The only way you might not get an acceptance is if you completely messed up your entry tests. However, I’ve heard that if you do really bad at those, they conduct an interview or something. My suggestion would be to take a chill pill, and yes, send them an email of continued interest. Good luck🤞
If he messed up in LCAT then his SAT would be considered . He is getting in for sure.
Bro randomly aygi cuz kafi meme dehki lower creds Ki bye aye hai tou chance hai tumara bas 31st July taak saber karna hoga inshallah ajye gi. BTW have you heard from anyone jinke ache grades tei but still unki acceptance nahi aye?
Me 

expected grades sent from school A lvl AAB
O lvl grades 4A* 3A 1B. Sat 1380

I think it was enough to get in but ab doubts hore
I hope I too get in mere AAB As , o levels 4A* and 4A, SAT score 1310. SDSB and MGHSS
I don't think sending an email would help. I sent a similiar one to ask them for an update. This is what they replied: 

"With reference to your query, this is to inform you that admission decisions are made between the end of April 2024 to July 2024. As soon as the final decision on your application is made we will inform you. We appreciate your patience while we are preparing and sending the admission decisions. For further updates, kindly stay connected to your Admissions Portal and emails. "
so what to do, just wait ?
yes apparently :( that's the only resort
Y’all have amazing creds but are not smart enough to realise that there is no correlation between good creds and receiving an acceptance early. Just chill and wait bro, you will receive your acceptance sooner or later. You could even receive it on July 31st. But I know you will.
meri 1410 excellent ecs 3A star 4 A 2A* 1A expected k saath nhi aai 😀

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d39gio/no_acceptance_package/
It's been a while but I still haven't received my acceptance package. Does it contain the offer letter which needs to be signed and scanned? 
Yes it contains that offer letter and I got my package the very next day maybe contact the admission office
Through the "ask admissions office" on the website?
Haan ya phir mail kardo
Should I pay the fees etc till it arrives?
Yes
Bhai mera bhi gum gaya ha, unhon ne mujhe scanned copy of acceptance letter bhej di ha.
Damn, I'll just wait it out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38aix/i_have_not_received_my_o_level_equivalence/

You don't need to. Just submit it when it comes. But do submit it ASAP when it comes.
im having the same issue, but with my matric attested documents. deadline's tom, but the boards asking for 7 working days to attest the transcripts. will they give a deadline extension or will my admission get revoked?
the same happened with me, i just emailed and told them and they asked me to just submit it when it arrives ASAP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38478/email_or_portal/
I wanted to know that do our portals get updated first or do we receive an email of our decision pehle?
Your portal gets updated first then after a day or two you receive an email of acceptance.
Which one of you is right
None ,phela acceptance toh ai.
They come at the same time
I didn’t know the portal but I got an email after which I checked the portal
My portal was updated before, then I got an email a few days later.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d33jkw/lums_postgraduate_program_for_english_literature/
Hi everybody, I just wanted to ask if LUMS offers any postgraduate program for English literature graduates. I just went through its list of postgrad programs, and the closest one I find is an MPhil in Education and Leadership. If you have been a LUMS student, what do you suggest to a literature graduate to pursue in LUMS for postgrad?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ws2d/can_someone_let_me_know_if_my_subjects_make_me/
My subjects are Buiness, Maths and Physics. Can I get admission into the accounting and finance program?

Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2nmgt/sat_scores/
I got my acceptance in april and people say that you have to send your SAT scores through college board. However, it is nowhere mentioned in my conditional offer. Should I send them or not?
If that was true, they would have emailed you. They always email if there's something wrong, so don't overthink.
Are you from matric/fsc stream?

Because those with O/Alevel were instructed in their offer letter to send in SAT score by May 30th
yup. i guess thats why
I would say send it. Better safe than sorry
I think it is mandatory to send the SAT score via CB.  
according to them: " **Official SAT scores** of all applicants must be submitted by the testing agency, i.e., **ETS**, directly to the LUMS Admissions Office. Applicants must request ETS to send a direct report to LUMS. The college code for reporting SAT scores to LUMS is **0513**"
check ur emails and read ur conditional offer. if they need it they will ask u.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2mov2/sdsb_acceptance/
Is there any legit acceptance yet in SDSB for MS Program? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2j8rl/financial_aid/
can anyone who has filled out the financial aid form tell me what documents they ask for in document checklist.
Creds pls sat score?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ecg1/help_regarding_fee_challan/
hello 

I just got accepted into LUMS. alhamdulilah. Can someone tell me till when can i accept the offer and till when can i pay the fee challan. My fee challan hasn't been generated yet.
There will be a deadline on the fee challan once it is generated. Same deadline for accepting the offer
Did you apply for Aid? If not soon and they give about a week or so time
what were ur credentials?
Admission  is truly coming at random times ,if this true that you got it in afternoon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cz1b/submission_of_supporting_documents_in_conditional/
For the conditional offer part, where do you have to send the transcripts &amp; certificates? do we have to send the documents by post to their mailing address? Or is there some email address or section in the admissions portal where we have to upload them?

  
Some people are saying that the "Print Mailing Label" tab is popping up on their portal but mine doesn't display anything like that. So if the supporting docs are to be sent online where do I send them?
nah u just have to send the attested document via courier...just paste the mailing label on it.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cl0q/aik_hi_bar_na_ker_do_bhai/
Lums bhaiya ye bar bar survey bhej k troll q ker rahay ho 🙃
I haven't received the link this time. :/
does that mean smthin or is it just random
that's what I'm trying to discern
Bro random hota hai chill kero
rejections ayi bhi hain logo ko?😭
Aayi to nahi pr wait kr rhy hain🤧

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2adzn/second_options/
Lums has always been my first choice. I had decent creds but now I am losing hope day by day. i'll be giving IBA's interview for round 2 as I am exempted from their test on SAT basis. If I fail to qualify in IBA as well, what is the scope of LSE's degree?
Bro you will get admitted to lums soon,in sha Allah.No need to worry.
what are your credits?
sat 1330
matric 96%
fsc 83%
13-14 ecas
decent ps
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
I have 83 % in matric but 92 % in fsc i wanna know my matric would cause me trouble or not ?
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
Why are you losing hope? Decisions come out till 31st July, so don't worry. Do well in the iba interview and stop overthinking !!
Keep hope alive! You'll make it to LUMS IA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2aak2/acf_from_iba_or_econmaths_from_lums/
I have applied for ACF from SDSB as my 1st preference but no acceptance is making me have negative thoughts. 
What should I do of I get accepted for my 2nd preference in HSS.? Should I go and do Econ+Maths?
OR
Should I apply in IBA for ACF?
you dont get the econ math major as soon as you're admitted, as far as i know only the top 30 students from the HSS Eco section get to choose that. If you're confident in your ability to secure a 3.4-3.5+ GPA every sem then go for Econ Math, imo its a far superior and super flexible degree in every way when compared to ACF.  The beauty of this degree is that you can specialize in either Data Science/ Analytics if you take some CS courses and declare a minor in that, or you can even go towards the Financial Analysis/ Investment banking route if you take some finance related courses etc.
I agree with the rest, but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream. After the meeting, prerequisites, and the threshold, you can easily get into this stream without necessarily being in the top 30. However, I do agree that it is one of the most competitive streams in HSS.
&gt;but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream

Top 30 applying for econ +maths stream.
Thanks man. I hope I get it.
can we get into that stream later on..since we have a year to declare our major/
yes you can after meeting the threshold required

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d27h0y/working_part_time_remotely_with_lums_mba/
My organization requires me to remain employed while pursuing a full-time MBA at LUMS. They have given me the flexibility to work remotely on weekends for few hours. Will LUMS permit me to work under these conditions while enrolled in the full-time MBA program?
Yes, that's when the Executive MBA at LUMS steps in. Classes are designed for working professionals and executives, scheduled conveniently on weekends. For more details, visit their website.
Thats what EMBA offer.
However, i am interested in a full time MBA rather than Executive MBA. Therefore, I wanted to know if LUMS allow its students to work or not?
While it's unlikely that they offer such a program because full-time MBAs typically demand intensive schedules and are very demanding which makes it challenging to balance with a full-time job, it's best to seek clarity and authentic information directly from LUMS.
Sure, let me check with them.
Thanks &amp; Regards,
Yeah, you can work remotely. Lums mba won’t stop you from that. However, the workload is intense, so working on the weekdays isn’t really possible, on the weekends you have some time so yeah
Sounds good, Thanks!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d23rmp/lums_undergraduate_admissions_mailing_label/
I opened my portal and saw this 
LUMS - Undergraduate Admissions
Mailing Label
Please use the following label while submitting your supporting documents to the Admissions Office.

Did everyone get this? And where do i send the letter?
i thought it wasn't necessary that ive submitted everything online so why need the mailing address
I got this as soon as I submitted my application. I ignored it tho
What is mailing label in lumsNOP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1uilz/how_long_after_an_interview_do_you_get_your/
i had an interview for SBASSE
Depends. My friend got his acceptance two days after his interview.
I got it one day after my interview
What they have asked you in your interview and your ans? .It depends upon interview if your interview went well then expect your decision In this week otherwise pray.
It has been 12 days and I still haven’t gotten the decision

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ubr2/need_advice/
What backup law schools should I apply to Incase I don't get in?
Dennings

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1trpm/bba_from_iba_vs_eco_from_lums/
Got my acceptance in HSS today, and I have already cleared IBA's R1. 
I want to do entrepreneurship after graduation, so which one will be suitable?
Should I go for LUMS rn and do MBA later on?
Congratulations on your acceptance! I'll offer some very honest advice. For instance, BBA is often considered a dead-end field. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. As far as LUMS is concerned, it's the best school for economics in Pakistan. The faculty is world-class, with most of them holding PhDs from Ivy League and other top schools in the US. The research being conducted is at another level. In terms of entrepreneurship, LUMS is renowned for it. They have an entrepreneurial culture similar to that of Stanford and UPenn. So, in my opinion, LUMS is definitely the way to go. See you at LUMS!
Check DM.
what were ur creds for hss?
Sat 1380(M: 760 &amp; E: 620). Good ECAs. Strong PS
O level and alevel?
Nah inter PE. 
Part-1 81%
Matric?
87%
Econ from Lums
Reason?
Depends on your goal. If you want to study further or go abroad then Economics is better. If you want to start a job right after graduation then BBA is better.
Econ from LUMS. You can do the same BBA jobs with a LUMS econ degree with the extra benefit of having studied a technical subject for which you can go abroad for master's. Another benefit is that you can switch your degree once you are at LUMS if you start the process as soon as the semester starts. Also, you'll have more chances for research work to improve your academic credentials at LUMS. Better societies and student life at LUMS

  
Also, Pakistan mein MBA karnay ka koi faida nahi if you have an Undergrad degree from centeror IBA with good academic standing.

you also mentioned that you want to do entrepreneurship. In that case, LUMS has a better incubation center as well.

The only con of LUMS is its higher fees, so the only reason to choose IBA is that it's cheaper.

You can dm if you have more specific questions

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1srgp/portal_problem/
So I just checked my portal and when you click on the application form I see a “print mailing label”. 
The question is, do I have to send the supporting documents to them in a letter form ? Or does everyone have that on their portal?
I dont have that on Admissions Status section of my portal, but I have the same question. Do we send them the supporting documents (required in the conditional offer) in letter form or upload soft copies on the portal? in case of uploading on the portal, where do we upload them? there isn't any option for it?
You have to send those required documents by Courier Service. Note you must write your LUMS tracking ID on courier package.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1r316/chance_me_for_ssecs/
8 A*s O-level
A level: Bio A, Urdu A , Chem C, Phy C
SAT: 1400

I emailed lums if i fulfil their A level requirement, they said that an average of B B C in science subjects is required thus I am fulfilling it with my A C C however my A grade in Urdu wouldn’t be considered.
So, I do fulfil their min requirement but I’m worried that my C grades may leave a really bad impression. Do i have any chances of getting into SSE or should I give up. (Only applied to SSE no safeties)Also extra curriculars are really good and so is the personal statement.
you have grades equivalent to BBBB by averaging so yeah requirement tou fullfill kar di hai
Could you tell what your EC's were? 'really good' can be subjective
Ok so I was the head girl of my school, president of the music society, 2 software internships, summer school at lums, multiple gold medals in academics, music, basketball, table tennis also 100% merit scholarship in AS. Positions in debate competitions etc.
Ok fair enough MashAllah they are pretty good.
Praying you get in!
Do u think i have a chance?😭
Honestly the process is very random, even though your grades are sub-par based on SSE, your ECs could make up for it if you're lucky. Just keep praying!
can you help me out with software internships?
why won't urdu be considered?
They don’t consider Urdu a full credit subject for SSE
The process is random. Though i had a friend who got into sse last year with similar credentials. If your extracurriculars were good you have a good chance of getting in.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1pya5/requiring_100_financial_aid/
I will be requiring 100% financial aid if I am accepted into lums otherwise it will be unaffordable for me. But from what I've heard lums' financial aid is very limited and the financial aid department is of ill repute. 

Is it possible to secure 100% financial aid at lums? 
There's a common misconception about financial aid at LUMS—it primarily covers tuition fees. Your aid adjusts based on your financial need and available resources. However, it's important to note that accommodation, meals and supplies, lab fees (for SSE), one-time admission charges, and other miscellaneous expenses are not covered, and you are expected to pay for em.

For those aiming for full rides, LUMS NOP is the way to go. As a NOP scholar, you receive a generous 120% scholarship, meaning you won't have to pay a penny for your LUMS education.
Mostly  100 percent would be if you had no home and belong to rural area . Very scarce chance to get 100 PERCENT  financial Aid . It depends on your financial conditions .
If you have car/bike , proper home and did Alevels or IB ,most likely not 100 percent but you will recieve what they think you can afford easily and rest would be the Aid .
We do have a car and our own house plus I did o and a levels so...
Brother NO chance of 100 percent Financial Aid clear cut as that . But you might get some Finacial Aid depending on your financial situation.
Like how much approximately? Do u have any idea or have u seen anyone with similar background as OP's getting any aid from Lums?
5 Marla home 
2 bikes out of which one is on lease 

Here's per month breakdown 

220k monthly household income 
40k spent on bills (internet, gas, water, electricity) 
60-70k spent on food + groceries combined
15k spent on petrol for bikes 
5k my A-levels fee (I'm on 100% scholarship for alevels so only pay lab charges) 
15k spent on servant salary 
20k loan repayments 
25-30k on medical supplies/doc fee (parents are diabetic with grandmother a patient of brain strike. 
20k spent on loan repayments 

Long story short, we are left with 10k savings at the end of month as we roughly spend 210k max to meet your ends and that too in tight range . Do I stand any chance of fin aid?
Brother I am no financial Aid  expert but I am sure is that whatever  financial aid is given , it is divided into two parts, one part is wavied off and the other part is interest free loan which you'll have to pay back later .
Secondly Aid will be given but will it cover 5% ,10% or 50% tuition fee depends on the evaluation done by the committee. 
Thirdly, student loans are very common abroad , people take out student loans on low interest rates to pay tuition  fee , IN MY OPINION (not 100%sure) Lums will most likely guide you too to take external help from commercial  banks if you need more aid
.
As you mentioned  you are already into debt , this might help u score high on Aid . But only if you have good grades . 

Best of luck ,may Allah guide you and make your path easier .
that's definitely not true and whatever you have said is baseless
brother first you need to know that financial aid only covers the tuition fee and nothing else, which means you need to pay for your food and other miscellaneous expenses. Secondly, financial aid depends on your need the more or less you need it will be given.
Is there enough aid for middle class people? because 70-75 lakhs is such an amount which even most of the middle class families cant afford... does Lums consider this fact?
As I have said aid is given on a need basis and is highly subjective a lot of things are considered like your bank balance, your savings, the assets that you own, your income source, etc it's a very complex process, and after doing thorough verifications and concentrations your aid package is given it might be tuition fee wavier ranging from 20 to 100% off on tuition or maybe tuition wavier along with LUMS interest-free loans and some other package maybe. in the end, only the LUMS financial aid department is qualified enough to give any kind of judgment on this topic
have u seen any middle class people getting good aids?
yes many, in fact 40% of students at LUMS are studying on aid

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1nweg/sat_score_mandatory/
To everyone who told me SAT scores can be sent after admission:  I contacted the university, and the last date for the submission of test scores officially (through CB) is 30th May for everyone, not just the admitted students. 

If anyone is making the same mistake I was, which is waiting for an admission to send the scores, please do so now. 
did you get it rushed submitted ya normal
same, want to know if normal will be okay rn
i just called, they said if you have not received your decision then there is no deadline, so you should send it through standard shipping so its considered as a part of the evaluation
Weird, they told me to be evaluated it was necessary to send the SAT scores officially and before 30th May. I don't understand the disparity.
I did normal and then sent the invoice via email.
yeah, doing the same
Is uploading the official sat score result to the portal not enough?
Apparently not, you have to do both
Wait I thought you just had to upload the score screenshot on the document section of the application?
They need to be more forthright about these things, I too found out about this yesterday. 

I'd recommend sending them the official ones asap.
Well that sucks. It's $14 for sending the scores, lums really has no regard for students' financial wellbeing
is 30th May for all students or just for the admitted ones?
To me they said 30th May is the last date to send the SAT score for admission evaluation. But to someone else here they said there's no deadline but you do need to send it to be evaluated. So there's no clear answer except it's necessary to send the scores officially.
Can we still submit if we hv given LCAT?
Yes u can though I think the latest score that's allowed is from March 9th SAT
I have got my acceptance and nobody has asked me to send it through college board yet.
When did u get it?
April
You have to send it. Check conditional letter
Nowhere mentioned.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ma1k/any_recent_acceptances_for_hss/

I’m waiting too
does 1290 sat give a good chance for hss econ stream provided other credentials are good?
Depend on ur olevel grades too
Waiting with 1360
what about a 1470?
waiting with 1500
got in with a 1240
What were ur olevel grades?
See pm
Yup. Got mine a few hours ago.
Cred:
Sat 1380 (M: 760 &amp; E: 620)
Good ECAs
Strong PS
o/a level grades?
Matric 87%; first-year 81%
wow. nice congrats.  
im waiting with a 1330.  
hope i get in i.A
I.A

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1m38f/upgraded_admission_decisions/
does anyone know anyone who got into both their second and first preference? I applied for HSS 2nd and SSE 1st, got into HSS in the first batch but nothing from SSE yet. Please let me know 
Same happened with me. I heard ke you get revised offers. What were your creds?
same happened with me
Credentials?
7A\*s 2As 1330 inSAT i think bcs of the SAT i couldnt get into sse :(
I had similar creds with 1390 SAT. We might get in in 2nd round. I know a lot of people who had SAT less than 1300 and are in SSE, so dw hojayega. Your olevel is v good for lums
what were yours credentials
6A* 2As in Olevels and 1390 SAT
R u still not in?
No, i got in econ but not in SSE
9A\* 1B SAT 1360 2 researches n community services n debates n drama awards wbu?
How does that work ? 
So, do you guys pay the fee and confirm your seat in HSS , or are you given a waiting period ?
How do you know you will be given a  revised offer or not?
I got into hss as my first preference.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1jcss/aid/
I know that getting accepted and getting financial aid are completely independent of eachother, but does it help in getting financial aid if you have a very good profile?
No
nope. independent committees. financial aid solely depends on your financial condition.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1arf2/acceptance/
Anyone got their acceptance today or yesterday?
You do know that these posts won't fast track your application?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1abqt/school_transfer/
Hey, so wanted to know that if someone’s been accepted into some LUMS school say SAHSOL and got some scholarship say a 100% and now wants to transfer for to another school say SDSB. What’s the procedure? Is it possible? Would the scholarship be cancelled? 
I heard it's really hard to transfer schools, especially if you are going from SAHSOL to SDSB
Yes, you can switch schools in LUMS. To transfer to SDSB you need to take at least three SDSB courses and also get good grades in them. You can then apply for transfer at the end of your freshmen year, the administration will consider your transfer application based on your CGPA and availability of seats, your GPA would play a deciding factor a GPA of 3.5 or above would guarantee your transfer.  
hope this answers the question
Thank you, that was really helpful.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d13nop/about_financial_aid/
I am seeing people are receiving Selection or Rejection Mail but i have not received anything yet. What does it mean? What should i do? I am pretty sure i am not receiving it but still want to know..
It just means different people have different timelines for when their decision will be released.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d10mcn/confidentiality_about_being_on_aid/
hey guys I wanted to ask any current LUMS students or people with friends there if people can find out which students are on financial aid openly. For example, do they have any separate queues in places or are they restricted from accessing some facilities on campus? Basically, if the fact that they are on financial aid is confidential or not? I understand it is a sensitive topic and people may not want others to know they are on aid, especially in an environment such as LUMS.
There's no such discrimination and nobody knows if you're on aid or scholarship etc.
are u a student there?
Yes
Hi yes in lums if ur on aid u have to wear a green bag and carry a green water bottle the same is for NOP students. It so lums can show off its generosity to new investors. People on aid can only acess library at a certain time and there are seperate queues for them at pdc to fast track their service. The hostel aid students get are also different the rooms are mostly beside the humidifiers so its hot there and the bed and cupboards are old/ broken and alongside that this is completely satire no1 knows if ur on aid / scholarship u arnt treated differently
Nearly gave me a heart attack
lol okay thanks
You almost had me with your elaborate LUMS conspiracy theory! I was ready to debunk it ( in a brutal way ) until I spotted that cheeky disclaimer at the end. Nicely played! Lol
Rage bait lesss gooo
Sure, the university itself never discriminates with the aid students when it comes to the quality of education, the services, or the opportunities at one's disposal. Apart from the finaid/finance, this info is never exchanged with any other department or person.

However it's a completely different ball game when it comes to the social aspect of the "LUMS life" for an aid student. The aid helps you share a classroom with the privileged but sadly there exists a certain life outside only for the ones who can afford it.
I have mentioned in a thread above that the uni doesn't discriminate and while I 100% stand by it, the finaid department is surely a pain in the ass. The uni's policy of fairness and discretion on the whole gig is really commendable but somehow they have employed a couple of arrogant assholes who think they are dishing out money from their own pockets.

Once they organized an event just for financial aid students as a photo op in the largest auditorium on campus which was basically an hour long circle jerk serving as a reminder to how "fortunate" you lot are to get this "privilege". Tried to get a couple of sob stories out of the kids as well, which obviously no one is comfortable to tell unless coerced. 

My friend who was also on finaid was sick that day and couldn't attend the event. He had an OSA petition made up with a valid doctor's note and copies of prescriptions and forwarded it to the Finaid department asking them to excuse him from the event as apparently attendance was mandatory for finaid people.

Nest day he was called to the department. The lady refused to listen and did not care about the petition, all the while talking in a condescending tone. She threatened him as well k " I don't think you realize how fortunate you are, agar aap ko nahi chahiye aid toa hum kisi aur ko de detay hain, humay koi issue nahi. You could have made it to the event and then went back home."

And don't get me started on the aid qualification system that you have to go through every year. It's a complete black box. Even when your financial state has deteriorated, you can never be sure of your aid will be continued or not.
thats really sad tbvh... Lums should actually consider the fact that their fee isnt very normal, 70-75 lakhs is such an amount that even most of the middle class families cant afford, yet alone the lower class... and as far as I've seen and read on this subreddit... there's not that much of an aid at Lums for those who belong to the middle class section of the society (like those who own a house, car, etc..) which is very unfortunate..
was this event introduced last year only or does it happen every year? doesn't it beat the whole idea of getting aid being confidential then?
did you just watch CLASS or ELITE series , Nah man it does not work like that . Nobody knows and infact nobody cares what someone is doing
I've seen both of them, LOL! And I know there's no exaggerated class divide at LUMS like in 'Gossip Girl'.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zu8w/gap_year_student_and_lums_admission/
Are gap year students given admission later or there is no such thing?
No such thing
No such thing. Know gap year students who got it on the first day.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zgwg/o_level_subject_selection/
Hi 

It m choosing O Level subject . At the moment selected maths/Physics/CS/ Economics. 
Should info for business or commerce too. Are these high impact or low impact subjects. 


How is economics in O level......too much theory or conceptual. 
bhai tu idhr kya kar raha hai
I'm assuming you're from Pakistan, since you're posting in the LUMS subreddit. Maths, English, Urdu, Pakistan Studies, and Islamiyat are compulsory subjects, and you need to take three or more extra subjects of your choice.

The most common subject combinations include Physics/Bio/Chem OR Chem/Physics/Computers OR Business/Econ/Accounting. The subjects you're planning to take seem to be all over the place. I would suggest you to stay focused and choose your subjects carefully according to what career or degree you want to pursue. 

As for Economics, it is largely conceptual and not that hard of a subject if you're genuinely interested in it.
Go with sciences if you are not sure what you want to do in the future. Personally I was sure that I didn’t wanted to become a doctor so didn’t choose bio, instead opted for computer science, physics and chemistry.  But if you are 100% sure that you are not interested in working in the sciences field than you may choose humanities. But this is risky for the future. Like I mentioned depends on you what you want to do just remember that you will be unable to change the past so be careful in your decision.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zcro/lse_for_back_up_need_advice/
https://preview.redd.it/6hhlquyear2d1.png?width=1888&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=603f173c29da2214d6a5385374d93574db15840f


jiska koi nai uska lse

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ylfp/is_there_a_chance_to_get_accepted_in_lums/
I have 87.6 percent in matric (aga khan board) and 81.45 percent in inter (sindh board). I have participated in science and math competitions as well. I write urdu poetry too.I don't have too many ECAs but quite a few and in different fields. Is there any chance to get admission in LUMS...
Depends on your SAT and which school you are applying. But FSC on low side

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0y2oa/sahsolmghss/
Haven't seen acceptances from these 2 schools from the start of may. Is there a chance that we will start to get acceptances from these schools now or most of them have been accepted?
Dont know about Sahsol but I think HSS  main aik masla hai , Most of SSE and SDSB students put HSS as their second pref thus if they don't get into 1st pref they are given admission in Hss but most likely jisne SSE jana hai woh at the end Nust , Fast chala jai ga bas abhi time waste karega taking over the seat till he gets into NUST ,FAST ,GIKI etc ,
So the ones who have HSS as their 1st preference Mai get in later when these people leave their seats right?
yeah , I hope so,  as a person with 6As and 1st pref HSS  should get in but due to SSE applicant or 8As applicant with 2nd pref gets in .   
second factor is fee , Lums gives approx  10 day time period to pay fee without financial aid ,I think so the sse applicants not in mood for Hss are forced to Pay or leave the seat .
lets hope Hss give our admissions by 30 the may or 1 st,2 nd June

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ukcz/only_sahsol_people/
Drop your creds whether you got in or not.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d0ukcz)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0qfj4/admission/
Has anyone successfully got admission to LUMS after completing O'levels as a private candidate?
Only grades matter, school or being private candidate doesn't
Yes, that doesn't matter.
As a rising senior at SDSB, I can tell you right now that it doesn’t matter at all. My third year of Olevels was private too. The only thing they care about is the grades.
What were your grades?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0mt1t/are_financial_aid_decisions_start_to_come_out/
Hello. Submitted my fin aid form a month ago. Glaced over few posts claiming fin aid decisions are coming out. Those who go their decisions, comment below. I really wish all my bros &amp; sis seeking aid do actually get the aid package they need. Stay hopeful ❤️🙏😭
they don’t release them like the normal admissions. they don’t come out in batches, every application is handled individually and decisions come out over different timelines
People have different timelines for FA
Any update?
No yet brother
What was ur cl date of FA submission
Ig 25th April if I'm not mistaken
Submitted my fin aid application on may 3rd and still waiting for a reply.
let's hope for the best bruh

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0d8cs/are_any_new_decisions_coming/
Guys are any new DECISIONS coming or the batch in every school finalized. I have applied in Political Science in LUMS. Any updates specifically on that? 
They will keep coming till end of July
They will keep coming till end of July
There will be new acceptances coming very soon I believe, it's because most of the deadlines of fee payments have gone now, also FA decisions have started to come up as well, so if someone doesn't qualify for then then it will be most likely that they choose another option, so very soon lums will get to know who will join them from the acceptances they sent earlier, once clear they will probably send new acceptances

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ctx9/did_not_qualify_for_financial_aid_need_advice_on/
I honestly don't know why we did not qualify because we don't have any land or those kind of big assets and we did provide them all the documents showing how we do not have a huge amount of money left over. My parents will basically loan my entire fees and they don't really have a problem with that but I feel terrible obviously. 

I thought of nust but I only have one shot at NET and barely 2 weeks to prepare cause cies end like in june.  

(for context I am going to be doing engineering)

Any advice on what I should do?
lums isn’t worth the price tag if you can’t afford it comfortably, please look for more options, i believe GIKI and NUST are still viable. FAST can be good too
On what data are you basing this? As an employer I can tell you a LUMS graduate is far more sought after than any other university in Pakistan.
That's definitely not true, LUMS is well worth the money. Just like you can't expect the luxury of driving a Bugatti with a budget-friendly car, you can't anticipate attending Harvard, a prestigious university, with the affordability of a community college. Superior experiences, whether it's driving a high-end car or pursuing education at a top-tier institution, often come with a higher price tag.

The sooner you grasp it, the wiser your decisions will be.
I may be sailing in the same boat as you. I got my acceptance on 17th April. Filled financial aid form on that day. They've contacted me twice for further docs &amp; did verification calls. Now is 5th week going on. I'm hoping to receive my fin aid decision too soon. Did they email u? 

Also I'm also prepping for Net. I did net 2 &amp; net 3. I'll be giving net 4. I'm now experienced enough to guide u on how to prep for net after yours cies. My last CIE was 24th May tho. Anyways for NET, u need to "GRIND FSC KI MATHS AND PHYSICS". I did net 2 &amp; 3 couldn't get desired score cuz I "CANNOT SIMPLY DO RATTA OF MATHS FORMULA IN AND OUT" 

To sum up, I really really wish I could go on and join lums if fin aid doesn't become a problem. At the same time for prepping NET, I'm also wrecked down by FSc ka syllabus, ratta cramming content, things that are "exculsive" to FSc syllabus and we as alevels students NEVER studied etc. 

Life is giving us constant lemons. Surely we gonna make lemonade and sell on stall (garmi Mai leemo paani zyda bikta hai)
Yes they also emailed me. My other issue is how i want to pursue biology and fsc biology is VASTLY different than alevel ones. Uska ratta is nothing compared to the rest of subjects :/
Once you're in LUMS there are going to be many options for you, you could get a merit scholarship depending on your academic standing, and can also apply for financial aid again or secure external funding, etc and trust me the education and opportunities you would get at LUMS won't be at other universities of Pak. It's definitely worth the money!  
I wish you luck!
Hey! Lums will never give you the BEST in education. It's a network building institute. That's all there is to it. It's a place high scoring kids should definitely give a go to, but only if they can afford to or get scholarship. Warna to bilkul faida nhi hai. 
GIKI is GREAT. Also, please please please get into an affordable university, and enroll yourself in online courses that could strengthen your cv and give you an edge over others. It's SUPER important.
its pakistan honestly i dont have much options... FAST and GIKI have their own issues with gpa and time tables (according to students from their). I looked up NUST kai reviews and basically all students said they wished they went to LUMS
It depends on what kind of a student you are. If you've always had things served to you, you'd definitely want to go to Lums. Lums main networking achi hojati hai. Education k level main farq nhi hai.
I got admitted to LUMS and FAST. I left LUMS for FAST and I have no regrets. Completed my 2 years
LUMS only offers Electrical Engineering, do keep that in mind when making your decision. NUST, GIKI have much better engineering programs than LUMS by nearly all metrics, though for the sciences LUMS is a strong contender.
they also have chemical engineering
your FA decision came? When did you receive your admission and when did FA came? Did you receive an email?
the financial aid decision came for me today
He said CIES. Clearly a borger yet still saying he can’t afford.
Ok so if a person is doing O/A levels he/she can basically afford anything and everything according to the this retard.
There is a very huge difference in o/a level fees and lums fees. Go take out your anger issues somewhere else 
Bro friendly fired 💀
Yeah haha but I think they must have replied to me by mistake so no worries
You should read carefully before making a comment
Difference of what? You do realise you could pay for any uni and it doesn’t necessarily have to be a prestigious one, with the amount of money you spent to get your A/ O levels diploma. And somehow I’m the one with anger issues? Grow up, sheeple. You’re so brainwashed and I bet it would be wonderfully liberating to only see things the way how you want to see.
You got that right, dense head. Because my remark was truly laced with sarcasm. And the fact that I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you says all. Y’all need a lot of character building before coming on here with your little keyboards and lashing at people. Grow up. And even if it was meant as a joke I made a good point. You entitled, spoiled brats can afford 30K exam funds for each subject every year but are financially handicapped. If those welfare administrators really start seeing everyone from your eye then I guess half of the middle class families who can afford luxurious are eligible for it. That’s not how it works in the real world. You need a reality check starting from everything you’re being ungrateful for and hence considering yourself worse than others. There are people living under poverty line in the country you reside, and you think you deserve it more than them? How woefully misinformed you are. And yes, CAIE curriculum is the most expensive high school curriculum and you knew you would be prone to such experience where you won’t be able to afford undergrad education. Yet you prevailed being as arrogant you are just to be more posh and sophisticated than others. And where did it get you? Had you chose a curriculum which was affordable, you would’ve saved enough to pay for your tuition dues for college. Not only that, you won’t be grovelling reputable universities to admit you. Because then you would know that these prestigious universities are a mere facade and bring you no good. You would know the value of each dime you so recklessly splurge. You would know that any public, government university is as good as those with high reputations. But go on id love to see you spew more of your logical fallacies. But who are you even lying to? Because by choosing this shallow path based on “ more money spent= higher quality of education” not only did you suffer but so did your parents. If you still think you deserve “financial aid” you should’ve applied for a scholarship, I’d wager OP would do that much or less any of you. Because you want your tuition to be payed by government and in return you don’t want to contribute anything. Oh hell, because as soon as you are done with your undergrad you would very conveniently get on a plane and leave this country, disparage it on the basis that it still doesn’t provide you enough.
bro why r u so pissed-
Yea I’m pissed? Because you got called out for your petty choices. Like I said before I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you. The comment was satire, nonetheless the point still stands. Maybe you shouldn’t  have paid 30K every year in exam funds for each subject, if you really wish to pursue education in this university. A word of advice: apply for scholarship instead of financial aid, that way you get what you deserve and not leech off other people’s rights. I’m not your enemy, I only mention your shortcomings to make a point.
What about IBA? You still have a month to prepare if you know your basics
isnt IBA business? I am pursuing engineering. Also my parents will not let me go to karachi-
Yeah its buisness and cs only! If planning to go for buisness instead its best 
Well nvm then
bro check dm
Hi, how many weeks after the submission of financial aid application did you get this message from lums and did you get this notice via email or on the portal? 
Around 3 weeks. The notification was on portal and email
Wait when did you receive the mail? I applied as well and haven't received any mail yet idk why
BRO WHEN DID YOU SUBMIT THE FA APPLICATION AND AFTER HOW MANY WEEKS YOU GOT A REPLY?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0buku/admitted_into_another_uni/
I'm going to cut straight to the chase: I've gotten admission into fccu which is my second choice university and they have a payment deadline for 31st May to confirm the admission but since lums is my first choice and I haven't gotten an acceptance or rejection yet, I don't know what to do. Should I go for fccu or ask them for an extension maybe? Lums is being a real a$$ because the amount of time they're wasting of us students is ridiculous.

Help and suggestions would be appreciated.
same situation
honestly id rather go to the other uni agr lums ne yehi harkat krni hai
Ehhh only smart people stuff. I was gonna apply to LUMS also now I realise what a debacle it would’ve been. Besides, wasn’t admission deadline like in January? Why haven’t they announced anything yet?
the decision come out within the time span of 15th of april to the end of the july
Asking for an extension is a good idea. If they don't listen then you could either risk it for lums and not go to the other uni or play it safe and go to the other uni
I think they will most probably extend the submission date cuz i think they still accept students till mid of june (kam se kam for CS people)
Pay the amount. You can get refund later. HEC policy means you get 100% tuition and security refund up to the 7th day of classes.
On the admission letter it says only security is refundable
FCCU? Check again. Its HEC policy. Might be if the particular date goes forward.
after much thinking mujy to yehi samj aaya ha Pehli baat to lums is not wasting your time Lums ka merit high hai to screening process bhi lengthy hota hai To admissions July k end tak aate rehte Dusri baat, fccu ki extension maang lo, although I think nahi mile gi Uss mai phir ye scene hota hai k admission fee aap de dete ho lekin semester fee nahi dete, k baad mai first preference mai admission mil gya to udhar hi jana hai Lekin lums ka Jo muje pata hai wo admission k saath semester fee bhi bej dete hai, FCCU ne bhi agar aise hi kiya hai to abhi decide karlo fccu jana ya lums ka intezar karna hai Lums ka kitna chance hai given your matric, fsc, and SAT scores. Wo dekh lo agar lagta hai k LUMS se admission offer aa jaye gi to fccu ki fee na pay karo Agar mushkil lag raha hai to ez ho kar fccu ki fee pay karo or lums ko bhul jao
Harvard is the #1 university in the world and probably gets thousands of applications but even they don't take months to give their decision. Lums' admissions team is just lazy. But thanks for the advice, I appreciate it!!
yeah i get it lums is being pain in ass what else reason left to argue
lums is better by a landmine. fccu ki SIRF parahi achi ha that's it. lums has all of that and more, it's definitely more expensive but it's also worth the hassle in the long-term. try to figure out financial aid programs and scholarships in both before you make an actual decision though.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d09i15/applied_to_cs_program_of_lums/
does the students who have applied for Lums CS get early admission offers since it i sthe feld people apply the most 
It started along with other schools offers in April
Nope.
No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d08kmr/sahsol/
Did anyone receive an acceptance in SAHSOL? ive been waiting for far too long at this point
Same but now I am thinking that decisions for SAHSOL would come when everyone has given and submitted LAT in June
Makes sense but it is eating me up inside, did anyone of your friends apply for SAHSOL? because i dont know anyone who got in sahsol tbf
I don't know anyone personally who has gotten in yet however, I have seen extremely few people who have gotten in and most of them had law school as second preference so ig they gave them admission early so they can give upcoming LAT
A friend of a friend got in
what were his creds?
Some people have.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d065ju/will_admission_be_revoked/
Hi, I got in to political sciences at LUMS this fall hut unfortunately i missed my payment deadline for conditional offer by 15 days💀. I believe my admission has been revoked. Is there any way at all to get back from this or is my admission completely removed?
bro does not care about lums 💀 
on a more serious note: contact the finance dept and koi story daal do but it’ll be difficult considering it’s 15 days 😭
to be fair tho, i did have A level exams and i take 5 subjects so on multiple days i had three three exams on the same day, morning evening and afternoon🫡 Ig ill contact admissions office this coming week and ask them then.
haan as a student that makes sense to me too lekin lums admission office ko kya😭 goodluck though
Thanks boss🫡 pray for meeee😭
will do jee. hope to see u in sept
bro dont wait and email them abhi wtf
You are cooked! Deep-fried! Burnt to a crisp! Well-done! (Meant that in restaurant terms)🔥♨️🍖🍞
ouch 😭😭
give them a valid reason for missing the deadline. they'll accommodate
Is being busy in exams a valid enough reason😭 or do i need to kill off dome distant relative🗿💀
no wtf, make a better story 😭
Bro do you mind sharing your credentials? I applied for Pol Sci as well.
if by credentials u mean my sat and stuff then yea i had 8As in O level 3 As two Bs in AS with a 1290 SAT.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czzgj1/lums_walo_acceptance_dey_do/
now I'm not gonna bring up my credentials but compared to the people who have mentioned it under this sub reddit, I know I've done better than most. I got in last year but couldn't go due to personal circumstances. And now, I'm scared at this point honestly. I don't want to disappoint my parents a second time and I've most certainly dreamt of going here my whole life. I'm just checking day after day for a new update. I feel so disappointed. 
Tension not man. Hojayega
Yai batao Kai are you on a gap year and which program u applying for ?
yes and sse
Don't worry kid, you're going to make it. Mark my words
confirmed janati just confirmed they're janati. thank you for this. these might be the only best words of encouragement I've ever heard from someone.
bro admissions waalon ko email kr k status nahi pooch skte?
I don't think they'll know the individual status of possibly 18k+ students that applied from all over the world

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czw2uv/chance_of_getting_in/
Olevels 3A* 3A 2B, SAT 1430,  Good PS and average Ecas (mainly sports related) 
Olevels Equivilance: 87%
Alevels predicted (Midterms): Chem A Physics B Maths C
Applied SSE First Pref and Sdsb 2nd Pref.
Chances are fair imo
Olvls result is the main problem as Lums Avg is 8As and i have only 6 (3A* 3As)
Bro your SAT is very good you can easily get accepted you need 8 Bs minimum inO level you can easily make it i have seen people with 6A 2B and 1330 SAT being accepted just wait for the decisions
Last year and the year before that, I have seen many students get it with such grades
But this year mostly they have 8 A*/As in olvls and if not they have 4 or 3As in As composite
I am giving A2 exams so i only have predicted grades A B C of Midterms
No bro this is this year's results as well I have seen giys with 4As being accepted you just need minimum Bs don't stress it and predicted grades are not important rn
Chalo dekhtain hain,  hopefully will get an acceptance soon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czrsor/hss_admissions/
has anyone received offers from hss in the past few days?? 
Haven’t seen
or anyone at all on first preference? i’ve only seen 2nd pref
there's barely been any in May that i've seen, let alone on 1st pref
Ive received an offer from hss on first preference.
when did you get it?
Last month i guess 24 april.
Congrats! 
When did you receive the offer and what are your creds?
I received ieved it last month. I had 95% in metric 85 % in fsc first year and 1450 sat score.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czpscp/student_loans/
Guys lums sdsb keliye student loans ka kya scene hai? Please give details.


Also if I maintain a good GPA this semester do they reconsider you for merit scholarships ya that only happens for new admissions?
Its not maintaining a high gpa, your gpa has to be in the top 3 people for your batch in your school to get 100 percent merti scholarship and from no4 to number 15 get 50% merit scholarships. And its for one year only. So u have to repeat the process for next years, the top 3 usually always have 4.0 gpas and the cutoff last year for sse I believe was 3.89 for the 15th spot
Chalo I’ll try my best please pray
any idea what the cutoff was for sdsb last year?
LUMS does give interest-free loans for those in need.   
And yes merit scholarships are given after maintaining a certain high GPA per semester/year. You can also apply for financial aid after the end of the freshmen year.
How much gpa is that i u can tell an estimate
U didnt apply for financial aid or u didnt get it?
I don’t really qualify for financial aid so I withdrew
Whats the criteria for qualification actually? I also have the same doubt that whether I'm even qualified for it or not.. can u tell me how did u find the answer for yourself?
Basically the form was really in depth from your Internet connection, clothing expenses, LPG expenses to your bank statements, travel receipts and much more. There isn’t really a criteria for qualification but after going through the form I could see how they wouldn’t consider me at all.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czml1i/chance_me_once_again/
3A* 5A 1B Olevels, 2 a 1b AS level, 2A*1 A predicted A levels, 1410 SAT,(gave LCAT as well which went avg). Good ECAS. Applied to SSE. Abh to admission mushkil lag Raha
"Call upon me and I shall respond"(Al-Quran). I am unable to understand that why u people get into hopelessness so easily.Remember there is khaiirr behind every delay.Mash Allah your cred are way too good to get u in.Trust the process ;trust Allah's plan.See you soon at lums in sha Allah.
IA brother. Thank you for such a great reply!!
InshAllah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czlnaj/accomodation_process_help_needed/
anyone who has gone to lums please help me out
i applied for accomodation along with my application in january. however when i got the accomodation letter it had many ambiguities with regards to logging into zambeel. i dont have my roll number yet to log in to zambeel and it stated the process for students who had not previously applied for accomodation. i haven’t paid my fees yet for the semester or the hostel. what is the process from here? do i just pay it and then log in ? also the portal has only one space for entry of documents for tuition fee payment proof not for accommodation?

i reached out to the accomodations i emailed them and they confused me even more by saying “reach out one week before freshman classes, currently rooms are not available online for those that did not apply” but i literally did??

i dont want to lose my accomodation it would be very unfair considering i applied in january and i’m paying the fees by next week


If you received the hostel fee voucher, your accommodation is automatically booked because you chose that in your appliaction. Its written somewhere in the letters. 
And yes you don't have to upload the hostel fee voucher after paying it.
then how will they know i have paid it and secured a place??
and second, i emailed them with my applicant email and they said “accomodation is not available for online application get in touch before commencement of classes”??

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czjnw7/sdsb_future_prospects/
hi guys plz don’t judge for the lack of enlightenment, but when applying to lums I chose sdsb even though I didn’t know if I wanted to do a management science degree, I am very conflicted when it comes to what I wanna do. Mainly because I had planned to go to abroad to do a psych degree but now it that is kind of out the window. I often see people mocking business degrees for being useless and I rlly hope that isn’t true. 
You can do a minor in psych along with a management science degree and later do master in psych if you want to further pursue it after your Hons.

I didn't know what I was doing when I got accepted but eventually found my way. LUMS gives you diverse course choices and electives that opens up a lot of avenues for you which you can later pursue as you find your vibe.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czj0no/lums_cs_vs_nust_cs/
What's better
Nust k Cs ki kab se value hony lagi? Third class uni! Tum logo ne he sar pe chrhaya hai is ko aur bhagay bhagay lumber 1 ki uni me jaty ho admission leny!
I agree; Nust is overated.
nust obviously
nice username
thanks
" nust obviously " 🤡
how's lums any better? 
for cs or ee? 🤡🤡
This audacity of yours makes you nothing less than a clown 🤡
my God
you're entitled 🤡
Entitled? Nah, just living up to my standards
RemindMe! 1 day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-25 12:06:10 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-25%2012:06:10%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czj0no/lums_cs_vs_nust_cs/l5gk83q/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1czj0no%2Flums_cs_vs_nust_cs%2Fl5gk83q%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-25%2012%3A06%3A10%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201czj0no)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[removed]
LUMS can help, but it's not a magic ticket to success. It's all about your skills and hustle. LUMS might give you a boost and valuable opportunities, but it's your hard work and smarts that really count.
There's no match for LUMS in Pakistan
"no match" likha aese hai jese puray Pakistan ka chakar lgaya hai bhaiya ne
har field ka hisaab different hota hai bhai
[deleted]
only the one dripping from the tight unholine$$ of yo mama, after I ravaged her the whole night (she loves it)
Alright you're definitely an a$$ though 😂
well I'm not the one deleting my comments

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czic7i/yay_got_in_yesterday/
Hey everyone, I got in! So don't worry, you'll get yours on time. Just pray and hope for the best, and everyone of you will get in.👍
Congratulations. Creds?
Matric 90+
FSc 90+
SAT 1350
SSE
Great PS
Good ECs
Did you give lcat
Nope
I got in as well. We actually have the same credentials lol. I just gave LCAT instead of SAT
Haha, lol. When btw, if you don't mind me askin'?
I received the email on 22nd May
Nice! GL dude👍
Thank you. GL to u as well
I have the exact same stats, what time did u get urs
Congratulations. Creds?
Which school 
SSE
Can you show how the portal looks when you have an acceptance?
You have an admission tab pop up
Did you apply for financial aid?
Yeah. That's the problem. I actually didn't😬
MashaAllah congratulations
Thats the main reason behind recieving your acceptence on time.Only few who they applied for aid have recieved their acceptence.
I didn't know it affects on your decision 😭
Same here
I received my acceptance two days before. I applied for financial aid as well
Credentials and school?
95% matric
91% fsc
Gave LCAT AND SCIENTIFIC APTITUDE TEST
Applied for SBASSE as priority
Is there anyone who still didn’t receive their admission decision? And is there smth like a quota being full
khao kasam !!
Maaf ki jiye 👁️🫦👁️👍
Can you tell us at which time?
how does everyone get notified on the decisions?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czi1o0/lat/
When was the last date to apply for LAT have i missed it is there something i can do
You’ve missed it. The deadline was 20th May. I don’t think there’s a way around this.
Did you get your acceptance?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czevsz/financial_aid/
Can someone pls share fee voucher of SBASSE this year? I want to have a rough idea of their fees


last year it was around 921,420 for the first semester and 637,560 for the second semester (not including any hostel charges)
they charge u for 18 credit hours for the first semester and if u take any less than that the fee will automatically be adjusted for the second sem
note: it will be greater this year, you can find the exact amount on their website
Oh yeah i found it ty

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czeadp/any_update_about_financial_aid/

bump. im oso awaiting

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz66px/ms_supply_chain_retail_management/
Anyone here received the interview email for the Ms SC&amp;RM program? 
I did, interview was yesterday
I have my interview on Monday

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz39s3/admission_timing/
What time is everyone getting their acceptance at usually? Ive seen 5pm regularly except for the very first acceptance batch.
Yaar kuch pata nahi I also check the portal at random times daily
Thats the issue man Id like to check it once only 🥲🥲

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz2pfl/hows_the_gym_at_lums/
Do they charge a fee? What are the timings? 
Nope, there's no fee for the students, and the gym is fully equipped and outfitted with high-quality machinery, is fully air-conditioned, and is regularly sanitized. The timings are from 8:30 am to 12 pm.
The gym’s open for only 3 and a half hours?!
Nahi bhai 10-11 pm tak hota hai
Wohi mein kahun yar, thanks😂
there might be a change rn but last time when I checked in it was from 8.30 to 12 pm
i think u mean 12am
12 pm
Better than the gym at lse😭
Gym is outclass. Is open till 11 pm in the night
boxing equipment hai?
Great and no there isn't a separate fee. Idk about the timings
Thanks!
How much can you bench bro ?
Im a girl
Powerlifter ?
Umm not really a powerlifter tbh.
Still 225 bench is really good for a girl mashallah keep it going. Mine is 265lbs. How much training experience you have?
3 years
Bruh 😱mine is 4 years and I am 20 at the moment.
&amp; thankyou
That is kinda insane ngl. Are you physically big/tall?
Im 5’9
More INSECURITIES lol
Bro always got humbled whenever I open this sub 😭😭😭😂😂. Ig I should kms
Nah let's just ask for tips. We still have 2 months to grind
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA whyyyy cmon
Man I have been stretching my limbs and what not 
 still I am 5'2. I seriously look like a 14 year old. Plus i do believe I am still gonna grow. Ok.
Can you recommend any exercise or smthg
Nope, there's no fee for the students, and the gym is fully equipped and outfitted with high-quality machinery, is fully air-conditioned, and is regularly sanitized. The timings are from 8:30 am to 12 pm.
There is actually no exercise to get taller. :(  I am genetically tall so thats that. Dont worry tho, maybe you might get a growth spurt soon
The gym’s open for only 3 and a half hours?!
My father's 5'11, siblings 5'9..guess I am adopted then
Nahi bhai 10-11 pm tak hota hai
That much weight is still pretty good. You do deadlifts too or no?
Pretty good??? DAWG most men cant bench that lmao this shit is CRAZY good
Wohi mein kahun yar, thanks😂
there might be a change rn but last time when I checked in it was from 8.30 to 12 pm
Lmao yeah, I'm working up to there though currently at 80kg
i think u mean 12am
80 is pretty good aswell whats your weight?
12 pm
I'm  a 6 foot/183 cm 18 y/o male weighing110kg (💀). I started from 120(obese obviously)  last year(though got sick multiple times which fucked my progress a lot) and I've been doing weights mostly. 

I look a lot slimmer now and weight is slowly going down as I'm getting stronger too


My greatest thing yet is getting to 180kg deadlift. My legs and back are strong but I'm working on biceps now.
I dun deadlift because Im not allowed to. Ive a injury in my lower back. :((((
Better than the gym at lse😭
Aw that's unfortunate. I'm on 80kg bench press rn, which isn't much at all.

My pride and joy is my 180 kg deadlift though, hoping to reach 200 soon
Gym is outclass. Is open till 11 pm in the night
80kg is a lot, cmon. I hope you hit that deadlift PR soon!
boxing equipment hai?
Thanks, hopefully I'll get upto your bench and beyond soon. And I'm just waiting on some plates I ordered to arrive so I can get work my way to 200, rn I can only fit weights till 180 lmao
Great and no there isn't a separate fee. Idk about the timings
I haven’t lifted in a while because of my injury btw :(
Why dont you join a gym?
Thanks!
A 225 bench press is classified as elite level for females weighing around 70 kg. Nigh on impossible to do for non-professional female powerlifters
How much can you bench bro ?
Bro currently hitting 50kg for 7-8 reps, started going to the gym 7 months ago
Good good aapka admission hogya? If yes which school and creds cuz I am waiting for mine. My creds sat score 1310 ,AAB As level , 4*A and 4As in o lvls.
Im a girl
Which school
Powerlifter ?
Umm not really a powerlifter tbh.
Still 225 bench is really good for a girl mashallah keep it going. Mine is 265lbs. How much training experience you have?
3 years
Bruh 😱mine is 4 years and I am 20 at the moment.
&amp; thankyou
That is kinda insane ngl. Are you physically big/tall?
Im 5’9
More INSECURITIES lol
Bro always got humbled whenever I open this sub 😭😭😭😂😂. Ig I should kms
[deleted]
Answered it uper
Nah let's just ask for tips. We still have 2 months to grind
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA whyyyy cmon
Hows the swimming pool? And are there any charges for that?
Man I have been stretching my limbs and what not 
 still I am 5'2. I seriously look like a 14 year old. Plus i do believe I am still gonna grow. Ok.
Can you recommend any exercise or smthg
I’ve seen the swimming pool, it’s fantastic. Dunno if there’s a fee for it though
There is actually no exercise to get taller. :(  I am genetically tall so thats that. Dont worry tho, maybe you might get a growth spurt soon
No fee.
My father's 5'11, siblings 5'9..guess I am adopted then
Are there any swimming  instructor if we want to learn?
That much weight is still pretty good. You do deadlifts too or no?
Pretty good??? DAWG most men cant bench that lmao this shit is CRAZY good
It’s pretty good, and if you’re an incoming freshman then you’re lucky because it was renovated as well last semester. Has just about all the equipment and machinery you could possibly need. There’s no separate fee and it usually opens up early in the morning around 7 or 8 am and closes at midnight.
I read that there is a separate gym for girls. Any idea how that is? Is it equipped well and renovated as well. Are there any timing limitations?
Lmao yeah, I'm working up to there though currently at 80kg
80 is pretty good aswell whats your weight?
The timings are the same for both the male and female gym. My female friends tell me that the female gym isn’t as well equipped as the male gym. There’s fewer machines and apparently the dumbells only go up to 20 kgs. But again, I haven’t seen it for myself so can’t say for certain.
I'm  a 6 foot/183 cm 18 y/o male weighing110kg (💀). I started from 120(obese obviously)  last year(though got sick multiple times which fucked my progress a lot) and I've been doing weights mostly. 

I look a lot slimmer now and weight is slowly going down as I'm getting stronger too


My greatest thing yet is getting to 180kg deadlift. My legs and back are strong but I'm working on biceps now.
Okay
Is there a trainer?
I dun deadlift because Im not allowed to. Ive a injury in my lower back. :((((
Executive or normal?
Aw that's unfortunate. I'm on 80kg bench press rn, which isn't much at all.

My pride and joy is my 180 kg deadlift though, hoping to reach 200 soon
80kg is a lot, cmon. I hope you hit that deadlift PR soon!
Thanks, hopefully I'll get upto your bench and beyond soon. And I'm just waiting on some plates I ordered to arrive so I can get work my way to 200, rn I can only fit weights till 180 lmao
I haven’t lifted in a while because of my injury btw :(
Why dont you join a gym?
A 225 bench press is classified as elite level for females weighing around 70 kg. Nigh on impossible to do for non-professional female powerlifters
Bro currently hitting 50kg for 7-8 reps, started going to the gym 7 months ago
Good good aapka admission hogya? If yes which school and creds cuz I am waiting for mine. My creds sat score 1310 ,AAB As level , 4*A and 4As in o lvls.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyxnrs/is_economics_degree_really_worth_it/
What r the future prospects for an econ graduate is it really worth the time and money?
If you care about money, go for some STEM degree. Economics is a very important field and a degree from LUMS is a good starting point. But I guess in this field you will have more success after getting a graduate degree because it is kind of research oriented field. I have not studied economics, just some general idea about the field.
it is not the degree that is worth , the question that you should ask is "am I   really worth for Economics? Economics have many prospects , great future prospects , every degree available at lums is Future proof and worth it. It is how you make  most of it.
well i don't think so smone shall opt for econ unless he has no other optn

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cytpy6/centre_at_lumsnop/
Being a Karachiite, I have applied at LUMS-NOP. If i get's selected will my classes be held in somewhere in Karachi or i would have to travel to Lahore for tuition. Please can someone also elaborate what is this training gonna be for?
the NOP session will be held on the LUMS campus and everything will be paid by LUMS except conveyance.
Will i be required to stay in Lahore for a complete month?
YES
fine, Can you please tell me what are they gonna teach for a month?
I don't know much but it's a summer coaching session and candidates will be shortlisted for LUMS online application for more info you can ask LUMS directly
fine, Thanks for your time brother.
They will prepare you for LCAT. Mostly fun activities 
ohkay, Thanks for your input. btw, is it true that they will cover each and every thing except my travelling to Lahore?
I just know that they will give you food coupons. You should ask it from an nopian or call lums 
okay, thanks.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyto9p/can_anyone_confirm_if_they_received_confirmation/
Can anyone confirm if they received confirmation for LUMS 2024 MBA so far.
Did anyone receive anything yet?
When was your interview
21st
Not yet. Did you receive it? Mine was also on 20th May.
No I didn't receive any either 😅
Tou bhai darao tou nahi.
Bhai ma to khud dara hoa ho ma kse ko kia drana 😅
Fr man.. mera iba mein hogaya hai phir bhi i am so anxious
Bhai phr AP k to chill karna banta ha
Nah.. LUMS mein chahiye
Heheh chale phr dua karta ha dono mil k 😅
Not yet mine was on 17th
Fingers crossed 😅
Was the interview in person ? Or online ?
In person
In person
In person
Didn’t get it yet. Mine was on the 17th.
Fingers crossed n good luck 😅
Thanks!
Guys how was your interview experience? what'd they ask? how long it lasted?
My interview is on 4th June. Let’s see how that goes
Good luck brother.
Interviews have still not concluded! This means they called a large number of aspirants.
Seem so. When did you guys get your invitation for interviews btw?
I got an invitation on the 10th and had the interview on 17th
I believe you were among the first ones
Yes the first person to face the panel too
Cool. Let's hope you are the first one to get acceptance as well inshaAllah.
Btw how long was your interview
20 mins
Did anyone receive anything yet?
Sounds good
When was your interview
21st
Not yet. Did you receive it? Mine was also on 20th May.
No I didn't receive any either 😅
Tou bhai darao tou nahi.
Bhai ma to khud dara hoa ho ma kse ko kia drana 😅
Fr man.. mera iba mein hogaya hai phir bhi i am so anxious
Bhai phr AP k to chill karna banta ha
Nah.. LUMS mein chahiye
Heheh chale phr dua karta ha dono mil k 😅
Not yet mine was on 17th
Fingers crossed 😅
Was the interview in person ? Or online ?
In person
In person
In person
Didn’t get it yet. Mine was on the 17th.
Fingers crossed n good luck 😅
Thanks!
Guys how was your interview experience? what'd they ask? how long it lasted?
My interview is on 4th June. Let’s see how that goes
Good luck brother.
Interviews have still not concluded! This means they called a large number of aspirants.
Seem so. When did you guys get your invitation for interviews btw?
I got an invitation on the 10th and had the interview on 17th
I believe you were among the first ones
Yes the first person to face the panel too
Cool. Let's hope you are the first one to get acceptance as well inshaAllah.
Btw how long was your interview
20 mins
Sounds good

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cys4xc/is_4a_and_4a_enough_for_sse/
Are these Olevel grades enough to get into lums if u have as a decent day score. 
yes. rest matters on your sat
How much should I aim for. I'm like an average student id say
1450 to be safe for sse. it has been getting very competitive
Okay Jazakallah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyrlr0/curious/
Has anyone got admission in GURMANI HUMANITY AND SOCIAL SCIENCE SCHOOL. I haven't heard from anyone who got in or got any admission email. 
So anyone from u got in?
yes many students got into HSS
bhai hum toh kab se wait kr raha , what were ur creds?
there are many more acceptances yet to come so keep hope alive
Got in on the 25th April
brother creds bataoo.
Al: A*( distinction ) A B C

Olevel: 6A* 2 As

Sat: 1450

Ecas: nothing extraordinary

P.S: good
noiceeeeeee......
Yes my friend got in
creds please.
1280 sat score and I believe in both matric and intermediate she got 84%-86% and good extracurriculars such as being the vice prez of a society, prefect or head girl and representative of a business exhibition and I think she also got a consultant for her ps.
hmm well, this gives me hope... let's see.
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyoknw/software_artificialcsdatas/
If someone does Bs in any of those fields  then can you advise me on what to choose that covers all what type of job I do in the future and what I study 
kia
Go for cs
Ai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyo344/what_do_you_think/
So I have really low creds but heard that SAHSOL has the least merit, so here are my creds: O level, 3A, 5B, 3C (IBCC equivalence is 76%) and 1250 SAT. I got decent ecas and a good PS. So what do you think? Do I stand a chance or not for LAW school?
I would say there is a possibility but it's not high
sahsol is pretty ez to get in , i know students with 1000ish SAT scores get in so you do stand a chance dont worry
the real answer: mushkil hai. even though sahsol is less competitive the average grades of students admitted are 8A and the average SAT is 1350. one can compensate for the other but having both below average is a tough call even for sahsol.
Bro that averages counts for entire lums, if you look for sahsol 8As and 1350 SAT is like a 100% confirm admission but these exact creds may not confirm for other schools
agreed lekin still chances are low i am afraid :( goodluck though!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cynulc/chance_me/
o levels 3A*s 5As
a levels A B D
co curriculars 15-16
LCAT went okish
applied to sbasse (1st pref) mghss (2nd pref)
hope for the best. grades are good esp o lvls but because lcat results are not announced, its a bit ambiguous and you can’t say for sure. goodluck!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cylzn5/acceptances/
Has anyone got acceptance from SSE recently cuz I've only seen acceptances from SDSB?


Yes. I just got it.
When did u get it?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyhgny/chance_me_pls/
I’ll keep it short as possible, I got 68 percent in my matric, then I got 94 percent in my fsc and in sat I got 1480 do I have a chance for getting admission into Lums (sse bs in computer sciences)
who hurt you after matric lil bro
Society😔
i think 70 percent in matric is a requirement
Where you got that?
idk about matric but there is a requirement it is equal to 6 As in O Level
official website
crazy but goodjob
No chance
Do computer science from FAST or BAHRIA Islamabad. Equally good over there.
Bahria?
Yes, Bahria University. I have a cousin studying there. Hasn't graduated yet and already has so many wonderful job offers.
Had us in the first half
🫡 Don’t know what to say after the first part.
Damn bro got an upgrade 😲

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy6596/fee/
If I give the fee for sdsb but get a revised offer for SSE will I have to regive the fee or is it tranferable
You pay the difference
You pay the difference

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy5lsq/acceptances/
I have applied to the following schools how many of you ppl have gotten your acceptances (order of options = priority)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cy5lsq)
How did you apply to three schools?
Prefrences hoti Ig
Thats for 2 only

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy158f/sincere_advice_needed/
i got into the sdsb Bsc acf program. however, i do not qualify for financial aid, but at the same time my parents budget is limited. they can only pay for bachelors and they have told me they will be able to do so with extreme difficulty. and the condition is that they wont pay a single rupee for my masters or any other education or help me financially after that because all the money will be used up on the bachelors program. they said that if i believe i can support myself entirely after a bachelors from lums then i should go for it. do you guys think that in todays economy one can get a decent job after bsc acf? and work for a while to gather self finance for masters in the future?
Not worth it bro, look for IBA. You'll save 30-40 lac which you can put towards a blocked account in Germany for your masters or pay any initial fee that you may require after getting accepted in the US etc.
i got into bsc accounting and finance in iba for this fall semester too, but lums tou lums hai na and i was thinking k even if i go to iba, its not like i have enough money to self finance my masters even of i save some money by going to iba instead of lums, my main concern is the availability and quality of jobs after bsc acf from lums
bro to be frank with u job iba walo ko ziada milti ha (big city+ huge netwoking)
job miljayegi bro, lums iba jahan sei bhi jao. how high paying it is will completely depend on your networking and skills/ specialization
110% agree to that! 🙌
[removed]
lums isn’t harvard buddy, iba isn’t pomona.
bro agr acha opinion ni dy sakty then there's no need for your hypocritical comment, who on earth would go to IBA after bagging acceptance from LUMS? everybody isn't stupid like you!
Go for it.
need info for MSAI at LUMS
Please look into financial aid. From what I've heard it's a long and tedious process, of course. But it's worth looking into. It'll take a huge burden off ur shoulders. U can try a year at LUMS with aid and if it's not what u expect, u can get a transfer to LSE or IBA. Honestly, while ofc LUMS has prestige and value, at the end of the day, it's just Bachelor's. Jobs will look at ur skills and personality more than your university. And LSE and IBA are vv good unis too. 
Best of luck in whatever u decide! :)
\*iba would be an option lse ain't worth it
Hmm idk I've seen and heard of a lot of LSE grads scoring really good jobs and grad school opportunities 🤔
Bro, though LSE and Habib are also decent business schools, they aren't really good enough to compete with LUMS and IBA, as both schools have a strong reputation.
Dekho I get it Kuch jagao par special packages hotey for ppl Jo nust,IBA,LUMS sei parhey hotey. But dude ITS IBA waha sei Tum exchange program Keh liye apply karna or after bsc job dhundhna with foreign experience and IBA degree u would get a good job but sath sath during bsc kohi small gigs wagera just for random experience kartey rehna
Forget about those discouraging comments about LUMS. Honestly, most of those are from people who hope fewer folks accept their offer letters to boost their own chances and other less-knowing people. It's messed up, really. SDSB is like the Harvard of Pakistan, and instead of hyping you up to go there, they're suggesting other universities. That's some serious hypocrisy. I strongly recommend LUMS because once you're in, there are tons of opportunities. You can snag a merit scholarship based on your grades, apply for financial aid, and who knows, you might even score a fully funded master's in the US, as many LUMS students do. Plus, having a degree from LUMS opens doors in the local corporate sector. Your future's uncertain, sure, but keep a positive outlook. Going to LUMS will definitely give you a leg up, but remember, it's your hard work that'll truly set you apart. Allah knows best.
thankyouu!! this was so encouraging may Allah bless you
I'm glad!
Why You are so helpful and Kind?   
May Allah Bless you.   
May I know your Beautiful Name?
Thanks for the compliment! I'm flattered ❤. May ALLAH bless you too.  
I would be more than happy to let you know my name but the sub isn't private :)  
you can dm me if you want to talk 😊
Didn’t you apply for aid?
no i haven’t atleast not yet
Could you share your creds if you don’t mind
yea sure, i had an internship at dubai islamic bank, a 1 month community service at EDO eye trust, and 2-3 leadership roles at  school activities like sportsfest and muns
Nice what about your grades and sat
i had 6A* 3As in O levels and AABB in a levels and 1380 sat
Go for it. Get some job experience after your bachelors I suggest a minimum of 3 years. The opportunity cost of not attending lums and going for more affordable options nust etc is high. For masters, given the current depreciation levels, your parents are unlikely to afford that too in 5-6 years time.
Go for CA after BS ACF.
Not worth it tbh. Lums is a good university, but it's not that good enough to put all your financial resources into it. Do the same degree from some other average uni with an excellent GPA, preferably a govt or semi govt uni and you'll have even better opportunities than lums. You can apply overseas and you'll make it through scholarships. Bas phir gre and ielts waghairah main acha score karna
I would never recommend it to anyone even if the economy was stable, life is uncertain, it's better to have a backup rather than blowing it all away on a mere piece of paper. Yes, the degree is good but not good enough for your parents to spend everything on it, go for NUST or IBA, NUST, if you ask me because they charge quite low while providing really good education, as for LUMS man, I don't think I would ever make the decision of going if I were in  your position. Well, best of luck.
You'll hopefully get a good job after bachelor's but do consider that lums increases the fee every year and they have confirmed they will continue to do so

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy0zb9/umeed/
Is there any hope left or has everybody given up?
I've left everything on Allah atp 🙏
i check the portal like i don’t care (i’m gaslighting myself) 😔🙏🏼
Don't check portal I'll suggest.
Jab ana Hoga emai ajayegi.
so real
At first bohot umeed thi.
Thought pakka hojaye ga


Ab portal bhi checking only once in a while 


Allah knows best, agar behtri hai to hojaye
Same.  What are your creds
2A* 5A 2B olevel
2a 1b AS
1 A* 2A predicted alevels
1340 sat
ECs bohot hai
Ps was great
Bhai bohat time hai and it’s 100% not true kay direct admissions have ended so just pray and be hopeful
Haan end to nai huay but haven't seen a proper batch being released for quite a time now
theres no pattern really. aajkal mein theyre randomly releasing ginti ki accpetances.
Chil. 31st July tk time ha.
Main ny list of publications mention nai kia. Kiya main ab mention kr dun?
No hope left honestly
Umeed pe hai poori duniya kayam

Aur ab karte karte grind kyun na badal de hum time

Mind over matter so i hope you don't mind

Seedhi baat jaani na hi jaate daaye na hi baaye

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxxn26/ms_hmi/
I had the interview for the MS HMI today. What's acceptance rate of interview at LUMS?
Really low. Kesa hua interview? 50/50 like everyone else?
50/50 might be an understatement for me. Do they take interviews in a single day or on multiple days?
Multiple days. If your interview went good. Don't worry about it.
What type of questions did they ask in an interview?
Have you received any confirmation yet?
Not yet. Anyone else got confirmation?
Nothing yet
You have any update?
Nothing yet. Let me know if anyone has update regarding MS HMI.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxw122/revised_aceptances/
Do you just receive the revised acceptance or is there a procedure also if you accept original acceptance do you get a revised acceptance?
Its automatic

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxutyd/lcat_and_acceptance/
What have you guys noticed? Have you seen people with SAT get more acceptances or People who gave LCAT get more acceptances? Have you guys noticed a trend of some sort? I want to know whether lums favors SAT students over those who gave LCAT or vice versa
favour ka tou nai pata but jahan tak i’ve noticed more sat acceptances came out at the start. this doesn’t mean lcat ones didn’t, they did as well but only the exceptional ones
ooh 🫤
I gave LCAT and got my acceptance in the very first batch
I did too,  also in the first batch, but this was many years ago.
woah! this year?
Yep
that gave me hope!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxsljb/which_universityschool_is_better_for_business/
The title.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cxsljb)
bro! IBA is hundred times better than NUST business school
Is that even a question? After LUMS its definitely IBA
bro I believe IBA is even better in that case as well, cuz it has a better ROI than Lums... and both have almost equal value in Pakistan's job market (Iba might be even better cuz it has more value in Karachi and Karachi is the economic hub of Pak, hence more opportunities..)

For going abroad, it mostly depends upon the individual, I've seen a good number of students from both of these unis go to some of the top ranked unis in the world for masters...!
facts people dont actually know how great is iba's buisness scl
Both of these uni's are known for breeding different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented plus the city of Karachi adds flavor to it. whereas LUMS is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote a startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector ( thanks to their international accreditation coz abroad they don't care about the uni's name but the accreditation of AACSB ). So, in the end, it's a highly subjective judgment, even though I don't believe much in rankings, LUMS not only tops IBA but is in the top 25 business schools of ASIA.

And the ROI is even more subjective coz the scaling of investment is different for everyone and can vary from person to person so if for you IBA has a better ROI than LUMS for someone else it might not be. ROI is just one highly personalized and subjective factor among many others when deciding whether a college is right for you or not!
But IBA has produced far more entrepreneurs over the years bro... they even have a whole centre dedicated just to that... its called CED. You can search about it. Also u can search about Dr. Shahid Hussain (a lums alumnus himself)... he was the one who alongwith Dr. Ishrat Hussain, changed the dynamics of entrepreneurship in Pakistan through IBA, in collaboration with the Babson College back in the days... IBA is also the oldest business institute outside of North America (established in collaboration with the Wharton School of Business of UPenn) which also makes it the oldest in Asia... 

Therefore, it has a legacy, and the strongest alumni network in Pakistan when it comes to business/finance/accounts fields... 

Secondly, IBA has also gotten the AACSB accreditation recently and as far as the rankings are concerned, the one that u are talking about is the MBA rank of Lums which is #35 out of #48 in Asia...

And if we go by this logic, then NUST has to be the best uni in Pakistan for CS and Engineering as it is ranked under top 150 of the world in these subjects... So I believe we shouldn't just go by these type of subject rankings, cuz they just keep changing... QAU is the #1 ranked uni in Pak acc to QS.
[removed]
bro u need to come out of the "lums bubble" and see the reality urself...

and yeah IBA has produced more entrepreneurs, search about it, search about CED, search about Dr. Shahid Qureshi, search about IBA's collab with The Babson College...

and yeah it has gotten AACSB accreditation... even Sukkur IBA has gotten it... its not that big of a deal anymore...
not saying ke LUMS is bad or anything, just saying ke its definitely not worth that more 20-25 lakhs... thats it... if u have anne wah paisa then go for it.. but after graduating there won't be any difference between u or IBA students, most probably IBA students will even have better job opportunities, since it being in Karachi.... And I've heard these same lines from current Lums students as well... if u want to know more about it, u can dm me... i'll send u the contacts of those students!
[removed]
Bro agar apni taraf se baatein banani hain toh me QAU ko Harvard se bhi behtr boldun tm maan logy? Bhai facts n stats provide krne prte hain apni baat prove krne ke liye... read my comments again... I gave proper references and sources for u to check n research... me apni trf se baat nahi kr rha... all stats are available on the internet...

Your whole point is ke Lums produces more "entrepreneurs" than IBA and thats the only reason its better right? because thats exactly what that guy said whom you're agreeing with.
So I disproved this with clear cut facts, now either u provide counter facts to debunk them, or just accept the truth.

And chalo aik moment ke liye maan bhi liya ke ye baat bilkul sach hai... still it doesn't justify that extra 20-25 lakhs brother... cuz no one goes to a uni to become an entrepreneur... the biggest and most successful entrepreneurs in the world became one on their own, not through their universities... most of them are even drop outs infact...

A better uni should be the one which has better growth prospects for u in ur respective field, a better n stronger alumni network, an older legacy, and better job opportunities and market reputation. 

But anyways, tell me one thing... IBA has a whole department established just for entrepreneurship called "CED", they even offer degrees related to entrepreneurship... what does Lums offer as compared to that? Tell me the name of the dept that Lums has for entrepreneurship, maybe then we can take ur words seriously...
[removed]
Brother it seems like you dont even know what IBA is, cant debate or talk with someone who doesn't even know what he's talking about.. I consider this a waste of my time...

Your whole point of lums being better than Iba was based on lums producing more entrepreneurs, I've debunked that argument with facts... now u dont have anything to provide so you're just talking like a naive person.

As far as the facebook or insta page is concerned, well I do follow both of the unis, so I know what im talking about... also I can say this for sure that u dont even know about the SBS International Conference that is going to happen at IBA and its calibre, cuz that alone is enough to debunk most of ur claims.
I havent applied to any of the unis yet, but a lot of the people in my friends circle did prefer IBA over Lums, even though they got into both of em. Because of IBA's better ROI, Employment opportunities and reputation...

This doesn't mean that Lums is bad in anyway, but its just not worth that extra 20-25 lakhs cuz it doesn't make u standout when u graduate like other top unis in the world do, for example after graduating from any Ivy League uni you'll have way more opportunities and advantages than the graduates of other not so popular unis, whereas this is not the case with Lums in Pak, their cs grads stand in the same line with the cs grads of Nust and Fast, whereas their business grads stand in the same line with IBA grads... 

You also dont have any guarantee of getting the top placements in the country like IITs give u in India...

anyways, it was good talking to u!
Insecurity? 😅 Dude this post isnt even about Lums! It clearly shows who's insecure here ! 🥲
so true iba's sbs is best inn pakistan
Lums suleman school of business is ranked 35 in asia , which is pretty good. IBA eventhough is really good it doesnt compare outside of pakistan. A student studying in lums will have a much better time in getting an MBA at a good uni abroad and even jobs
Lums is ranked #35 out of the #48 total schools in that list... and IBA students as well have gotten into some of the best unis in the world for their post grad studies... nobody cares much about ur unis abroad, all they do care about is ur GPA and overall profile... and as far as reputation is concerned, IBA has quite a lot of affiliations with some of the best business schools of the world like Wharton and Babson... search about the SBS conference which is going to happen soon at the IBA, they've invited professionals from some of the top unis of the world...

All I am saying is that, its definitely not worth it to pay almost twice as much to Lums if u can get pretty much the same or even a better package at IBA. 

If u wanna go for the rankings only, then go for QAU, as it is currently the #1 university of Pakistan according to that very same website which ranked Lums #35 out of #48 in Asia.
for cs or engineering Lums is better imo, but as far as Business related degrees are concerned... IBA seems to be the best that Pakistan can offer...!
it truly is btw are u in iba i'll be appliying for r2!
nah, will be applying..
bro! IBA is hundred times better than NUST business school
Is that even a question? After LUMS its definitely IBA
bro I believe IBA is even better in that case as well, cuz it has a better ROI than Lums... and both have almost equal value in Pakistan's job market (Iba might be even better cuz it has more value in Karachi and Karachi is the economic hub of Pak, hence more opportunities..)

For going abroad, it mostly depends upon the individual, I've seen a good number of students from both of these unis go to some of the top ranked unis in the world for masters...!
facts people dont actually know how great is iba's buisness scl
Both of these uni's are known for breeding different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented plus the city of Karachi adds flavor to it. whereas LUMS is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote a startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector ( thanks to their international accreditation coz abroad they don't care about the uni's name but the accreditation of AACSB ). So, in the end, it's a highly subjective judgment, even though I don't believe much in rankings, LUMS not only tops IBA but is in the top 25 business schools of ASIA.

And the ROI is even more subjective coz the scaling of investment is different for everyone and can vary from person to person so if for you IBA has a better ROI than LUMS for someone else it might not be. ROI is just one highly personalized and subjective factor among many others when deciding whether a college is right for you or not!
But IBA has produced far more entrepreneurs over the years bro... they even have a whole centre dedicated just to that... its called CED. You can search about it. Also u can search about Dr. Shahid Hussain (a lums alumnus himself)... he was the one who alongwith Dr. Ishrat Hussain, changed the dynamics of entrepreneurship in Pakistan through IBA, in collaboration with the Babson College back in the days... IBA is also the oldest business institute outside of North America (established in collaboration with the Wharton School of Business of UPenn) which also makes it the oldest in Asia... 

Therefore, it has a legacy, and the strongest alumni network in Pakistan when it comes to business/finance/accounts fields... 

Secondly, IBA has also gotten the AACSB accreditation recently and as far as the rankings are concerned, the one that u are talking about is the MBA rank of Lums which is #35 out of #48 in Asia...

And if we go by this logic, then NUST has to be the best uni in Pakistan for CS and Engineering as it is ranked under top 150 of the world in these subjects... So I believe we shouldn't just go by these type of subject rankings, cuz they just keep changing... QAU is the #1 ranked uni in Pak acc to QS.
[removed]
bro u need to come out of the "lums bubble" and see the reality urself...

and yeah IBA has produced more entrepreneurs, search about it, search about CED, search about Dr. Shahid Qureshi, search about IBA's collab with The Babson College...

and yeah it has gotten AACSB accreditation... even Sukkur IBA has gotten it... its not that big of a deal anymore...
not saying ke LUMS is bad or anything, just saying ke its definitely not worth that more 20-25 lakhs... thats it... if u have anne wah paisa then go for it.. but after graduating there won't be any difference between u or IBA students, most probably IBA students will even have better job opportunities, since it being in Karachi.... And I've heard these same lines from current Lums students as well... if u want to know more about it, u can dm me... i'll send u the contacts of those students!
[removed]
Bro agar apni taraf se baatein banani hain toh me QAU ko Harvard se bhi behtr boldun tm maan logy? Bhai facts n stats provide krne prte hain apni baat prove krne ke liye... read my comments again... I gave proper references and sources for u to check n research... me apni trf se baat nahi kr rha... all stats are available on the internet...

Your whole point is ke Lums produces more "entrepreneurs" than IBA and thats the only reason its better right? because thats exactly what that guy said whom you're agreeing with.
So I disproved this with clear cut facts, now either u provide counter facts to debunk them, or just accept the truth.

And chalo aik moment ke liye maan bhi liya ke ye baat bilkul sach hai... still it doesn't justify that extra 20-25 lakhs brother... cuz no one goes to a uni to become an entrepreneur... the biggest and most successful entrepreneurs in the world became one on their own, not through their universities... most of them are even drop outs infact...

A better uni should be the one which has better growth prospects for u in ur respective field, a better n stronger alumni network, an older legacy, and better job opportunities and market reputation. 

But anyways, tell me one thing... IBA has a whole department established just for entrepreneurship called "CED", they even offer degrees related to entrepreneurship... what does Lums offer as compared to that? Tell me the name of the dept that Lums has for entrepreneurship, maybe then we can take ur words seriously...
[removed]
Brother it seems like you dont even know what IBA is, cant debate or talk with someone who doesn't even know what he's talking about.. I consider this a waste of my time...

Your whole point of lums being better than Iba was based on lums producing more entrepreneurs, I've debunked that argument with facts... now u dont have anything to provide so you're just talking like a naive person.

As far as the facebook or insta page is concerned, well I do follow both of the unis, so I know what im talking about... also I can say this for sure that u dont even know about the SBS International Conference that is going to happen at IBA and its calibre, cuz that alone is enough to debunk most of ur claims.
I havent applied to any of the unis yet, but a lot of the people in my friends circle did prefer IBA over Lums, even though they got into both of em. Because of IBA's better ROI, Employment opportunities and reputation...

This doesn't mean that Lums is bad in anyway, but its just not worth that extra 20-25 lakhs cuz it doesn't make u standout when u graduate like other top unis in the world do, for example after graduating from any Ivy League uni you'll have way more opportunities and advantages than the graduates of other not so popular unis, whereas this is not the case with Lums in Pak, their cs grads stand in the same line with the cs grads of Nust and Fast, whereas their business grads stand in the same line with IBA grads... 

You also dont have any guarantee of getting the top placements in the country like IITs give u in India...

anyways, it was good talking to u!
Insecurity? 😅 Dude this post isnt even about Lums! It clearly shows who's insecure here ! 🥲
so true iba's sbs is best inn pakistan
Lums suleman school of business is ranked 35 in asia , which is pretty good. IBA eventhough is really good it doesnt compare outside of pakistan. A student studying in lums will have a much better time in getting an MBA at a good uni abroad and even jobs
Lums is ranked #35 out of the #48 total schools in that list... and IBA students as well have gotten into some of the best unis in the world for their post grad studies... nobody cares much about ur unis abroad, all they do care about is ur GPA and overall profile... and as far as reputation is concerned, IBA has quite a lot of affiliations with some of the best business schools of the world like Wharton and Babson... search about the SBS conference which is going to happen soon at the IBA, they've invited professionals from some of the top unis of the world...

All I am saying is that, its definitely not worth it to pay almost twice as much to Lums if u can get pretty much the same or even a better package at IBA. 

If u wanna go for the rankings only, then go for QAU, as it is currently the #1 university of Pakistan according to that very same website which ranked Lums #35 out of #48 in Asia.
for cs or engineering Lums is better imo, but as far as Business related degrees are concerned... IBA seems to be the best that Pakistan can offer...!
it truly is btw are u in iba i'll be appliying for r2!
nah, will be applying..

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxl0e4/when_to_expect_the_final_decision_got_done_with/
How long does it take Lums to get back to the applicants after their interview? Will explore other options accordingly.
What was the interview like?
Grilling to say the least
LOL same
Did you apply for MS TME?
Yep
What type of questions do they ask in the interview ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxjog7/has_any_ms_csai_candidate_been_caller_for_an/
I'm seeing interviewees for every other MS program except for CS and AI. Anyone been called?
No. Can you kindly tell me what does your portal show in the application status tab at the end? Mine still shows the option to download the test slip.
Same
Nope

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxhiq4/dedo_admission/
aik to itni garmi ha like i was literally white in winters and now im black uper se lums bhi masti kr rha admission ni de rha ajeeb pura reddit parh lia ha
lums changed bros race 💔
acha toh iska black aur white se kiya lena dena hai…? 😭😭😭😭😭😭
bhai sahab shayad "humanities" main jaigain, agay ap samajh daar hain💀
real
Tujhe is liyey admission nahi mila kyunke tu kala hogya hai, sorry bro
It's their agenda they're gonna turn them into blacks so they have enough people to pick cotton for them.
mera rights khtm?
garmi niggafied bro only lums can deniggafy bro
Use the word "digga" which in the eastern german dialect literally means "bro" or "fatty' or "thicky"😂 and surprisingly is used the same way the n-word is used.
surprisingly that was informational thanks
np, random useless knowledge is my destiny to pass on
Knowledge is never useless
You're absolutely right my digga
Bebo re bebo 
Admission  dedo
Admission leni aiiii
Admission mujhko de do
garmi main kuin ghoom rahay ho ?
Ab to phir chances kum ho jaen ge admission ke 😆😆
Nigga
main bhi kali hojaugi
The colonizers left but your mind is still colonized it seems.
🤓☝🏻 actually viewing skin color the same way western people do would be the real colonial mindset so this is the opposite
Beta sojao
Ami??
Isn't that the case of almost every asian? Almost every asian ethnicity has a desire to make their skin white, I wonder where this obsession with white skin actually stems from. Ferb I think I know what we're going to do all night today!
Parhai Karo beta, parhai.
Aray abba ap reddit pe kab agai?💀
This is lums Ka subreddit beta, daddy bolo warna society accept nahi karegi
IMPOSTER! 

ہمارے والد صاحب بن کر اچھا نہیں کیا اپنے ، برائے کرم آیندہ ایسی حرکتوں سے پرہیز کیجیے گا😠

Only person I call Daddy is dehdi, wou bhi boltay huay volume 3 hojaata hai XD. (if you don't get this joke I'm giving up shitty puns for today)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxeazw/sifarish_in_lums/
Don't come at me for asking this but is there any kind of nepotism in the admission process? I have seen the people who get admission mostly come from an influential background and I personally know a person who got in with a low SAT score. So my question is that kya lums me sifarish aur paisa chlata hai?
Well, that's a very controversial topic, and LUMS would definitely disregard any kind of favoritism or approbation. However, I'm not sure about LUMS (though some students belong to the 1% of Pakistan studying at LUMS), but even at Harvard and Oxford, there are students from very strong political backgrounds, or there are students whose parents are millionaires and even some Arab princes and people from royal families, and they often give donations. So, saying that their admission was entirely based on merit doesn't sound rational. To some extent, people from strong backgrounds are favored everywhere, not just limited to LUMS.
Best answer!
Definitely hoti hai. Sirf sifarish or favourism nhi, explicit cheating bhi hoti hai. I know lums graduates who have horrific stories to tell.
Please do tell
sifarish is ghatiya mulk mei sab jaga chalti hei, how big of a source you have is the question
I know some who got into LUMS with low sat score and All C’s, but didn’t graduate. That guy failed miserably and ended going to UK. He my friend lol. Ps he comes from influential family.
There’s a kid at my college who claims to also get into lums with all Es in ASLevel with sifarish apparently he has a political background but I’m not sure if he did get admitted (I’ll update you😀👍)
pehle ap ye to socho na lums kis mulk me ha????lol
Yes mei sifarish par ghusi houn
pakistan hai sir yahan har jagah sifarish chalti hai 😂
Yes
Yes references works i know a person in my family studying at Lums😅
how much sat score did he had?
[deleted]
This comment section is a proof that this might be true
Not necessarily, these are just mere opinions and assumptions. Let's just be positive and trust the process
they must be lying
Just call it as favour(sifarish), it happens everywhere around the world, I mean just think about yourself, you work somewhere and you have an influence over there, and someone very close to you ask for a favour, I bet you will be helping them out of the borders.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxe02e/urgent/
I haven't started my equivalency process yet..
1. What's the process?
2. Is attestation necessary?
3. I will email them the slip and the equivalency once it is available...will that be a problem?

Mine got done without attesting
Do we just have to take original certificates and their copies to the ibcc office?
Yes original cie certificates unki copies a few passport pictures and id card ki copy aur original lejana to their office
There’s a form fill that beforehand and take it too
Get it done online, just upload your O level certificates and other necessary documents, pay the fee online and probably with 2-3 weeks you will get your equivalence certificate
It's easier if you get it done in isl. Lahore office is quite crowded and they refuse to take it after 11 cuz fuck you that's why. Online is a better option

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxaq9q/submission_of_ibcc_certificate/
are we supposed to submit the soft copy of the certificate via email? because my portal just shows admitted and gives me the role number. no option to upload. 
I got an email asking me to send the certificate in reply to that email you’ll probably get a similar one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxa6bt/interview/
Has anyone who gave the interview got acceptance for SSE?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx8uyc/lat_date/
Hey!! So I had someone from HEC confirm that the LAT is going to be held on 9th June. So all those accepted in SAHSOL, what are we gonna do about this? Do we write emails to LUMS? The conditional offer says that we have to submit LAT scores before 30th May, which is now impossible. 
I haven't been accepted yet but I wrote to lums and they said it's ok and we can give it in June and should submit the results as soon as we receive them
Thank you, that was helpful. Could you possibly share the screenshot of the reply email they sent so I can forward it to friends who’re worried. Pls!!
Just dm' d u
can you please send it to me as well

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx7mjf/transcripts/
Has anyone gotten in yet with bad transcripts?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx7don/honest_advice_needed/
So guys the thing is that My first option is Accounting and Finance from a top University. But We never know that I might not get into the top one’s like IBA and LUMS (Incase). Doing these from a low ranked university seems worthless ig. So I want your honest advice what other options should i consider from which universities? 
Or What should I choose out of these:
Go for ACCA 
Go for CA
Go for CS from fast?
Go for engineering from NUST?
Or take a gap year And Go for MBBS?
I am a Pre engineering Student. I want to pursue anything that would allow me to work anywhere in Pak or abroad. Preferably, Which one has more scope and more earning? 
DONT TAKE A GAP YEAR FOR MBBS. i think NUST is the best option or FAST. UCP wagaira na chala jana bhai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx5xb1/how_does_the_portal_look_when_you_get_your/
So my question is just this. Mine is still showing the LCAT slip so I know there is no update. How did yours look like?


You get an a new tab called admissions
next to application status and document checklist and all?
Yes
it just says that your application status and document status is submitted
Does the term "submitted" refer to you getting an admission?
no. it is just there cz your application is in progress and all your documents are submitted. because i still haven't got my acceptance and my portal shows the submitted with the application when you log in.
yeah same i’m so confused 😭😭😭
biashah
youll see an update tab, you click on it and youll know wether uv been accepted or rejected
Next to the document checklist and other tabs an admission status tab will appear. The submitted and other things will stay in place and there will be no other change to the portal.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx3cx1/lums_summer_program/
Hi 
Anybody has attempted or come across somebody who went through LUMS summer school. I need specifically for A Level students. 

Any insight would be appreciated.

Regards 
It's a super fun program from what I've heard! They have lots of activities and courses that are great for introverts. It's a chance to make friends and network, plus you can add it to your college activities. I'm also planning to go for SSL
I’ve done it what do you want to know specifically
How beneficial it is w.r.t building profile. And considering applying to LUMS later on. Do they add tangible value to the cohort ? It's expensive and hence wanted to understand it's value.thanks
When I did summer school in 2022 ig the fee was around 35K for OLevels and 45K for ALevels. Now I think it is around 75K? Personally I’ve always wanted to go to lums so this opportunity was very attractive for me. It does say on the SSL website FAQs that attending summer school doesn’t specifically increase your chances at lums. However, in my opinion ANY kind of summer school does add value to your profile as it shows how you utilised your summer vacations effectively plus you learn useful skills. Also, for SSL after your summer school ends you get a chance to apply for their SSL student ambassador programme. I also did that and got a certificate. Keeping the current fee in mind, if you’re someone from middle class like me, I would probably consider NUST summer school over LUMS summer school if I really want to attend one as it is way more economical and convenient too if you have relatives or live in Islamabad.(IBA has a summer school too but I don’t have much info on that) I wouldn’t waste 75K for a summer school and would focus more on actual grades and preparing for the SAT. Cuz again, while extracurriculars matter, O ALevel grades and the SAT score matters most.
Could I ask what grade you’re in?
A1
Are you considering to study for A2 during your vacations or studying for SAT etc.?
Applying for this July one.
Summer school is only for 3 weeks.
I did summer school while studying for SAT too but it didn’t really end as well as I was hoping. Summer school does get very hectic and tiresome. I got a 1330 on my SAT.
I have heard LUMS summer school is good BUT not met anyone who actually went thru .

Being introverted and in the absence of any other activities, I just wanted to give it a try. 

How did it go for you...
It is good yes. Very fun and dw I am an introvert too so it’s okay. I did still make many friends from many cities, all of whom I’m still in contact with. But again the fee for it has been increased to an unnecessarily high amount and it’s only the tuition the transport hostel food is gonna cost you additional.
It's 10 mins drive from the house so lodging won't be required
It's a super fun program from what I've heard! They have lots of activities and courses that are great for introverts. It's a chance to make friends and network, plus you can add it to your college activities. I'm also planning to go for SSL
I’ve done it what do you want to know specifically
How beneficial it is w.r.t building profile. And considering applying to LUMS later on. Do they add tangible value to the cohort ? It's expensive and hence wanted to understand it's value.thanks
When I did summer school in 2022 ig the fee was around 35K for OLevels and 45K for ALevels. Now I think it is around 75K? Personally I’ve always wanted to go to lums so this opportunity was very attractive for me. It does say on the SSL website FAQs that attending summer school doesn’t specifically increase your chances at lums. However, in my opinion ANY kind of summer school does add value to your profile as it shows how you utilised your summer vacations effectively plus you learn useful skills. Also, for SSL after your summer school ends you get a chance to apply for their SSL student ambassador programme. I also did that and got a certificate. Keeping the current fee in mind, if you’re someone from middle class like me, I would probably consider NUST summer school over LUMS summer school if I really want to attend one as it is way more economical and convenient too if you have relatives or live in Islamabad.(IBA has a summer school too but I don’t have much info on that) I wouldn’t waste 75K for a summer school and would focus more on actual grades and preparing for the SAT. Cuz again, while extracurriculars matter, O ALevel grades and the SAT score matters most.
Could I ask what grade you’re in?
A1
Are you considering to study for A2 during your vacations or studying for SAT etc.?
Applying for this July one.
Summer school is only for 3 weeks.
I did summer school while studying for SAT too but it didn’t really end as well as I was hoping. Summer school does get very hectic and tiresome. I got a 1330 on my SAT.
I have heard LUMS summer school is good BUT not met anyone who actually went thru .

Being introverted and in the absence of any other activities, I just wanted to give it a try. 

How did it go for you...
It is good yes. Very fun and dw I am an introvert too so it’s okay. I did still make many friends from many cities, all of whom I’m still in contact with. But again the fee for it has been increased to an unnecessarily high amount and it’s only the tuition the transport hostel food is gonna cost you additional.
It's 10 mins drive from the house so lodging won't be required

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx3b7t/lums_ms_economics/
Any Update, is anyone got any update related to interview decision?

How many of you received an interview email?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1k0h/admission/
I got all As and a B in my Olevels. ABC in Alevels. I was on a gap year due to financial constraints and have been working in US sales during that. Currently working directly under a US tech company for sales(this happened after i submitted my application so its not on there) I was only able to give the LCAT exam which went pretty well. Had a good amount of ECs and a decent PS. School of Humanities and Social Sciened was my first choice and SDSB as a second choice. I haven't gotten an answer yet but people with such experience, are these creds good enough to get accepted?
You have a great profile, I’d say you’re in for sure. Have faith and be patient :)
thanks! In sha'Allah
Be patient your creds are good inshallah you’ll get in soon.
In sha'Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1bor/if_i_have_4_a_and_4_bs_with_a_good_sat_score/

what sat
I haven’t given it yet but I’m hoping that I can score around 1450ish
aim for as high as possible i would say. best of luck. your o level grades are a bit on the lower end but you can compensate with a good SAT score.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1amm/is_transfer_a_good_and_easy_option_from_lse_to/


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx11ax/how_checking_the_portal_for_the_628264th_time/
پھر کوئی آیا دل زار نہیں کوئی نہیں، 
راہرو ہوگا کہیں اور چلا جائے گا 


اپنے بے خواب کواڑوں کو مقفل کر لو 
اب یہاں کوئی نہیں، کوئی نہیں آئے گا 

bro is traumatized!
[deleted]
❤️❤️
Hmm. سے ایک قبولی خط چاہتا ہوں، میری سادگی دیکھ میں کیا چاہتا ہوں۔ LUMS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwztcr/revised_offers/
Got in my second preference, and i applied for financial aid. Has someone before received a revised offer after they applied//got their FA decision back.
I was in the early batches for acceptances and completed my FA around a month and haven't received any response yet.
revised offers are usually given in the last batches afaik.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwwznp/march_sat/

Has anyone who gave the march sat been accpeted yet? if so what was ur score
Yup. 1510.
bro did you get merit scholarship?
Yup
leval ho gaya. which school?
SSE
ye tou or bhi leval ho gaya
Yep, 1450.
in what school?
Hss first preference
Yes.
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwt0zv/decision/
how long after the interview will i get the decision
Most probably after 2 weeks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwnlay/fscmatric_mark_sheet_attestation/
Hello guys,  

Someone I know just received their admission letter from LUMS; she is an FSc/Matric student.  Can we get our documents (result card) attested online from this link?  https://eportal.biselahore.com/eservices/attestation  

Will they deliver the documents to our house or do we have to visit their office? I already have the challan generated, so can we pay the challan online and be done with it? Or do we have to visit the office after paying? Can someone please guide (especially those who recently got their documents attested) 😞  Will be very grateful, thank you 😊 
I got mine attested last week from Lahore Board and can surely guide you. DM please as I guided one more person and have all the messages copied.
Hello, just dmed you!!
So I also got my attested as well. You have to go to relevant board of your city like mine is Lahore board. You will ask them to attest your FSc and matric marksheet. After paying the fees and submitting the copies of result card, you have to wait for almost an hour and then they will give you a sealed envelope which you must not open. Then you will send it to lums through any courier service. I advise you not to use government post service.
[removed]
1. Only Copies will be attested from the board. You cannot and should not get your original attested.  
2. Yes. LUMS requires both your matric and 1st Year Result Card Copies Attested.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwmaxd/lums_interview/
Hello everyone. I have my Lums interview tomorrow and I just wanted some help with what I should expect tomorrow. I am not the best at speaking on the spot so could someone tell me what some of the common questions are so I can be mentally prepared to answer them in the interview. If you have already gotten interviewed then your help would be even more valuable. I've applied to SSE for electrical engineering. I would really really appreciate any help. Thank you :)
So how did it go?
I had an interview today too. For Mphil. The questions they asked me were from my own personal statement. They took random statements and made twisted questions out of them. And I being the fool I am, got confused. Came home and realised, could have said this or that...blah blah. And they asked me about their course outline. I knew the general stuff but didn't know the names of all the courses, they were actually offended by that. 
My interview didn't go well tbh. Anyone else who's looking forward to giving an interview, apart from the general questions (senior students ne kaha tha bas general questions prepare karo k why this degree, what motivated you, where do you see yourself in 5 years, what problem would you like to solve in the education department..meh), prepare your degree specific questions too. Know it inside out. Especially if the dean is a female. Not being sexist here but female Deans like to act extra bossy and hostile. Churailain.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwkwtb/decision_round/
When is the next decision round due?
Lums bc jobi karna h jaldi karlu😡😭
Only lums knows
[deleted]
how do you know?
[deleted]
well maybe the result would be announced for his interview only by the end of may, it may noy be necessary that total decisions are going to come by the end of may because i know ppl from last year who got their decisions in july aswell.
[deleted]
InshaAllah
Most probably end of May 
27 May to 2 June I think .
bumpp

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwgezr/how_much_a_single_b_in_o_levels_effects_the/
Just read some old reddit posts where some seniors were asserting that lums doesnt give admission on having B in O levels.Is this true?
I am having 5A* and 2A , 1B in O levels and 90.3% in FSC.My SAT is 1380.Whats your view on this? btw applied to SDSB
I had 5A* , 2 A , 1 B in olevels , got accepted in SBASSE. Infact I had a C which became B on retake
Wow mash Allah.Thanks brother.
Your welcome bro
What was your sat score?
1450
oh MA
A handful of B's on your transcripts doesn't affect much in fact they admit students with certain B's or C's instead of ones with straight A\*'s ( in some cases ).
Hmm.....ok.Thanks budd...
I had a B in English and got in hss alhamdullilah
Mash Allah bruh
Had 3 Bs in o levels. Still got into sdsb lol
When? What about your SAT score?
2021. Sat score was 1370.
i had a b and a c in o levels and got into sse
Woahhhh.your SAT and Alevels?
1520. AS was 4A and a lvl predicted (and actual) were 4A*
I had a B in Urdu and got into SSE last year
Kindly mention your full cred .
I had 5A*s 3A 1B and got acceptance in MGHSS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwgb4r/interview/
Guys my interview is tommorow its online on zoom for sse plz give tips and like the questions they ask.
[deleted]
My credentials are 95% matric 91% 1st year fsc . GAVE LCAT which went just normal
Multiple extracurricular activities and certificates. I also have an interview. Any chance of me getting admission in SBASSE COMPUTER SCIENCE?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwe9wn/revised_offer/
After getting a revised offer, do you give them a heads-up, or email them saying I accept it or smthg? Or just leave it cuz it's obvious!

Plus would I get a new conditional letter delivered to my house since the one I got before has a different school name.
[deleted]
People have started getting revised offers
[deleted]
I know 2 folks who have received it
[deleted]
Sdsb to SSE 
Mghss to sdsb I think
[deleted]
Around 90% in both matric and fsc part 1
Ecs good
Lcat good
[removed]
There isn't any procedure. You will be admitted automatically. But idk why I feel like me, sending an email to them, helped although the response was very generic and cold. Just pray ig
[removed]
For sure!!!! Do check your portal regularly tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwe7jn/new_batch/
Have seen very few acceptances in the previous days.
Don't they it will come out in a batch now.
Everyone in the last few days has gotten at different times.
Kuch samagh nai arahi
following
ni ani ab acceptances
Andar ki Khabar hay?
yes leak ni honi chaiyay!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwdi5n/has_anyone_gotten_a_letter_of_rejection_from_lums/

Some people posted them in April don't know if any have gotten since
They come around the end of july
Yes my friend did
when was this
Yes a friend did
which school and when did ur friend receive the rejection email?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwdecc/econmath/
What is the scope of Bsc econ+math in Lums
Honestly, its scope depends on the person.
Plz explain. I will be very thankful to u

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwbc3d/failure/
I joined this reddit cuz i really wanted to get into lums since i was 15 i got good not the greatest of grades i just got done giving my 1st year exams today and all of my exams went really good but until maths happened i studied all night for it did everything i could memorised all of the formulas cried late at night aswell cuz I thought I didn’t prepare enough for the examination i slept and went to give the exam it went bad like super bad I don’t even know what i wrote looking back at it i might even fail the exam all of my exams went pretty good and i was expecting like 87-90 percentage but seems like maths has drawn it to a 75-77 now i wanna cry but I don’t have the liquid for it seeing my friends do good at the exam also makes me feel ashamed im also getting sucidal thoughts on top of everything. PLEASE HELP.
You could retake the maths in 2nd annual exams
Wouldn’t that just fuck up your own record? I mean a retake. I am in the exact same situation. All exams have gone decently well but maths went shit. 24 marks completely left un attempted. I thought of a retake but people have told me retakes make your profile look bad
Do what's best for you. Having a bad maths score won't make your profile any better. Retake atleast allows you to  have something to show.
Ok
Who said so bro? No one would even know about the retake if u wont tell em, cuz fbise gives u a complete new marksheet if u get ur marks improved, and it doesn't mention any retake.. atleast as far as I know...
Well if that’s the case i am going to be giving multiple retakes
Well u can only give one retake... but remember that all this info that im giving is about fbise... idk whats the scene in other boards... so if you're from any other board.. make sure to confirm things first..!
Nah i meant giving retakes for multiple subjects. And yes i am also talking about fbise
Yes you can give retake for all subjects (e.g) and it wouldn’t show that u took a retake. Bcz there are many students who don’t even give first annual and just go for the second annual.
No it doesn’t make it look bad . Don’t listen to them.
It's way better if you look forward and decide how can you cover this mistake up. In my opinion if you ace the SAT, you can get in easily
Hey man, I’ve been where you have been. I got a conditional offer and even bought new clothes and stuff ready to ship to Lahore because I was so sure of my grades, but in the end I got a BCC and got into another university. 7-8 years later I am at a position equal to if not better than my peers at LUMS and wouldn’t trade any of my time spent throughout these years. Some things happen for a reason. Stay focused and move on.
in which uni did u end up then?
NUST
at NBS?
Yup
how would u rate it out of 10? and should I choose NBS or IBA for business?
I’ll give it a solid 8, but bear in mind the good teachers have left, so my rating for NBS is null and void. IBA is pretty good. Go for IBA.
If all of your exams went great but you scored a little less in one subject, it does not matter, I had a friend who got into LUMS with ABCD in her a levels, what you should do it really focus on your SAT or LUMS entrance exam (whichever you choose to give), that is most important I believe as it helped me get into LUMS as well, I had decent grades but really good SAT score, if youre still worried about your grades tho, you can always give a retake, I read in the comments you think that giving retake puts you at disadvantage, bhai aisa koi scene nhi hai, my friend with ABCD gave retakes for all subjects still she got in. 

Secondly, I would like to say that you should definitely not stress about any of this, Allah’s plan is best and you should only focus on your hard work, agay Allah ki marzi. I have a friend who got in LUMS with a lower score than you, but another friend rejected who had straight As in a levels, I have friends from CBM, IBA and Szabist who are now studying abroad or placed in amazing jobs which even LUMS people did not get. A personal example, I had a friend with low GPA got placed into one of the best companies in Pakistan while me a top scorer didnt get a very good job. You just do your best and leave the rest to Allah, dont get disheartened by a small loss because you dont know what its store from you, another friend who wanted to go to lums but couldnt afford to, made a business of her own and is doing so well in life now. So take it easy, work hard, and just be grateful.
Grades doesn't matter. 
I was dropped from the university just for 3 marks. My cousin was 80% holder. My family used to bash me and always tried to compare. He is a teacher in a government school Salaried at 45k, I'm running a company our monthly expense is 1M. Trust Allah, Allah has plans for you.
paper he itna beghairat aya tha aj
Pray and Leave your matters to Allah, it’ll all be more than fine In Sha Allah.
Sucide won’t let you go anywhere, just think about your parents before having thoughts like these, they never raised a child who would give up and kill herself that easily. Think of how they want you to be happy for them to be happy. Leave your matters to Allah and keep reciting Ayat Karima. In Sha Allah you’ll see miracles Ameen.
bro sabsay pehlay to its okay i know its the last thing you want to hear but its not the end of the world. youre still super young and can reappear for the exam. dont think about what people will think it is your life and you know your circumstances better than anyone. i have been through similar situations and i can assure you it all turns out okay and even if it doesn't whatever happens is for the best. so dont worry AND DONT DIE BHAI ITS NOT WORTH IT LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL JAHANNUM IS NOT
Dear, you will have multiple chances to re-appear for mathematics. Second annual is just six months away. 
Secondly and most importantly, what a man can do is hard work, which you did. Results and consequences are in the hand of Allah, so be assured Allah has something fascinating for you in the future. Just keep your hard work up!
It’s okay everything will be fine. I had a very traumatising experience of fsc. I was the grinder of the whole year. But in part-1 the results wasn’t astonishing as i expected. Trust me leave things to Allah. He won’t disappoint you. Don’t let negative thoughts overweigh you. You will be fine as you were before. Nothing to look at the past. Be ready for the future. Cheer up boy!
Goodluck!
If your board is fbise then you can take a retake in 2nd annual exams, you can retake as many subjects as you want and they won't show it on your marksheet 
Good luck
Please take care of yourself ❤️ Our education system puts so much pressure on us, that we end up believing this is the end of the world. I've always been an exceptional student ALL my life. I'm good when it comes to solving, thinking and analysing, but bad in socialising, navigating strategies verbally. And that's the reason I've always done well in all written subjects, but sucked at practical growth. I was a student who took the highest grades in the GCC and was published in brochures. I used to host several shows there too. When you get into practical life, these things don't matter at all. What matters is the skills you have. I've had the experience of joining multiple universities and they all contain a mix of all kinds of scorers. Some have had excellent grades, while others have excellent skills. The point is, at the end, they all study the same thing, in the same class. Moreover, when you apply for MS anywhere. The only thing they seem to care about is your GPA. I would advise that you pursue a GOOD degree. May it be from anywhere, and then get a good GPA and work to get a scholarship at masters level somewhere abroad. It's way better and more fruitful that way.
I’ll give it a solid 8, but bear in mind that a lot of the previous teachers have left, so my rating would be null and void. Go for IBA.
Haha... Got rejected going to LUMS... Went to fast for 3 months... Didn't go to uni at all... Uni was too slow and too boring... Learnt electrical engineering, programming, mathematics, applied physics, automation systems all by myself... Now have my own company providing simulation and automation services to clients in middle east and china... 

Life takes you in various directions... I am so glad I didn't go to a uni much less LUMS... Learnt so much by myself at my own pace and countless times I helped these masters and PhDs in understanding and implementation... 

Learn for the sake of learning ... Not for the sake of degree... As Elon Musk said
"I DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT YOUR DEGREE!"
Please relax
Jo dunya mai horha uss hisab sai the end is soon
Not being dramatic 
Focus on real things please dont get drowned into this system
Dont determine your self worth bcz of it
Do good for the rest of the papers and THATS IT
And honestly I know people with bad grades making into LUMS and some with AWESOME grades not making it
Allah par bharosa rakho and apna perspective of life theek karo.Thats not what we are here for on earth this is just a PART of life not LIFE itself.
&gt;im also getting sucidal thoughts

nigga u ain't even 18
mental health doesn’t have an age, secondly, it is deep. i myself go through it because of academic pressure so if you dont got something nice to say, stfu. 
lastly, stop tryna look cool by saying the N word. stupid asl generation. fr tho i dare u to say that to a black person face to face, all yall can do is type behind your screen, dimwits.
ARE YOU MAD, MENTAL HEALTH IS UNIVERSAL

mans usin the n-word like that, say that to a black guy whos acc built, with morals, u aint survivin u pathetic prick
first of all u lil bros need to understand one thing: 

ITZ NOT THAT DEEP!! 

come out of this emotional trauma...nothing happened..Chill out! ek test k peeche apni zindgi azaab bnana isn't something appreciable...

the boy has faced a  lil hurdle yet. there are many more to come in life, he has to deal with. Kya kre ga phir wo? isii trah sympathy leta rehe gaa?? WAKE HIM UP! don't try to be nice.. He has to live alone! nobody will come to support im'
if u wanna give him reassurance, that can be done politely without belittling his mental problems.
EXACTLY
IT IS DEEP COS THERE MAY BE EXTERIOR FACTORS THAT YOU ARE UNAWARE OF

us aik test se pehle utna cheezin aur bhi hoti hai jiski wajhesi stress attti hai to test ki wajese breakin point phi aagya

IF YOU BELITTLE HIM NOW, THEN IT WILL WORSEN, INSTEAD ENCOURAGE HIM AND MAYBE ADVISE HIM TO PRACTICE SELF-LOVE SEEING THAT SELF-LOVE IS THE ONLY GUARANTEED LOVE APART FROM ALLAH'S

u acting cool and sayin its not that big of a deal when rn, thats the focus of his daily being is so rude, so u need to take a hard look at urself and ppl are allowed to be sad so allow it and dont belittle it u pathetic being, denouncing the struggles of others

have some shame

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw9yiz/iba_vs_lums_mba/
Guys.. i just got into IBA (i am from karachi). Gave my interview for LUMS today and i know their decisions roll in later.. i will have to pay the fees for IBA soon.

Any reason i should choose LUMS over IBA? 
how did the interview go?
It was so so.. idk let's see.
dont we have to pay the fee beginning of august?
For IBA? Or LUMS?
iba
MBA ki orientation June mein nahi hai? I guess will have to pay fee before 10th June.
ohhh MBA, i thought u were talking about undergraduate progs. my bad
While IBA is a great institution with good job prospects you should consider LUMS more seriously as you would get the opportunity to live away from home in LUMS. Living on your own helps develop skills that will help you in all aspects of life. Developing these skills is a major part of any university education.
The LUMS MBA is very rigorous compared to IBA. They produce a different breed of graduates who have a can-do approach to everything after going through 2 years of extreme pressure. They make a professional out of you when you graduate. I have friends who have done their MBA from IBA and their experience is much different than that of a LUMS MBA.
Bro you didn't gave 1 specific reson why not iba. These generic sentences can be written for any uni. Personally what i believe both are just same if iba is not superior. Its affordable, big city- great opportunities, alumini network strongest iba is better go for it!
Exactly..i don't get it. 50 lacs for an MBA when i can get the same degree for half a price in a city with better opportunities? Thankyou. I will wait for LUMS decision but pay IBA's fee.
Same is my case, bhai. Though I have applied for LUMS too, if I have to pay more for LUMS, then I am never going to go there . It's a total waste of money. Who on earth would pay 18 lakhs per annum for undergraduate studies when the same thing, if not better, is provided by other universities? Best of luck with your journey, bhai. Celebrate if you have been offered admission to both, as both are prestigious institutions (though I'll apply for IBA R2 with my SAT score for the interview. Inshallah, things will go well).
great job bahi pray for me inshllah i'll make it to iba too (it's my dream uni in pak though) :)
Well I never said don’t go to IBA. If you like it then go. I just told you how the LUMS MBA is different and molds you in to a professional rather than any other MBA graduate. I gave a few reasons, but I don’t think they justify the high price tag to you.
Exactly
[deleted]
Yeah.. but costs are higher but opportunities are same?
Yeah.. you should consider the cost and the funding options available to you. However, LUMS and IBA are not so similar; they produce two different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented. One advantage that IBA has over LUMS is the city of Karachi, which is the economic hub of Pakistan. You are more likely to get a job while being in the city, whereas a LUMS, is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector. So in the end, you should prioritize what perfectly aligns with your goals and pursuits.
Can you please guide me over LUMS NOP program. I have applied there, is there anyway i can do to get selected.
First, you have to submit the NOP online application. After submitting it, you are expected to receive your decision between May and June. If you are accepted, you will be invited to a summer coaching session where you will be considered for the LUMS undergraduate application. This is the typical process for a LUMS applicant. However, as an NOP applicant, you can't influence your selection. It primarily depends on your academic achievements and whether you are genuinely an underprivileged but potentially talented student. I wish you the best of luck.
am from Karachi, would these classes held in my city or in Lahore?
it will be on the campus and everything including accommodation, food and miscellaneous stuff will be covered by LUMS
ok, thanks for your time. btw, What's this training for?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw9991/a_powerpoint_night_with_strangers_just_for_fun/
I saw someone saying, Let’s bring back the fun in life by doing really wholesome activities “just for fun”, and a powerpoint night with strangers would be the best thing I can think of. 🎉 

So i’m planning to host a powerpoint night with strangers by the end of June in Lahore. Come through if you want to learn something random and new. ✨ 
What's PowerPoint night? Will it be one of those sessions where you talk about or teach PowerPoint?

Also can it be online as well so that people from different cities can join as well
Nah, it’ll be set of random sessions on random different topics, with powerpoint slides, so people can share their knowledge with strangers in a wholesome way ✨

Yeah, considering the circumstances in PAK, I’m thinking to shift it online too.
Seems interesting. Count me in if online
Sure, i’ve sent you the signup form
send me a signup as well
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Count me in
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Sounds boring and gay...
My honest reaction but I hesitated 💀
current lums student count me in
Sure, i’ve sent you the sign up form
sounds fun honestly
True, but it would only be fun if we succeed in targeting the right people ! :)
Only the right people would make an effort to come why would anyone want to come and any kind of audience will be good for the 1st time later on it'll get filtered on its own
Thats true ✨ lets hope for best !
get an society onboard to make this and get more exposure so more people can join
I don’t want to associate this with any society :( I want individuals who are just up for random fun !
lets connect someday on campus. im in
Sounds fun. Up for online.
Sure i’ll share the signup form soon ✌️✨
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Sign me up
I’ll share the sign up form with you ✨
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
scene on karo
Will send you signup form soon ✨🫡
Done 👌
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Count me inn
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw7roo/a2_result/
Will my admission offer get cancelled if i get ACC in my alevels?
No, they will be averaged it to BBC as that A will be averaged out with one of the C and both will become B
Thanks
Any idea for fsc?? Will my admission be cancelled if i get below 70%?
Obv yes
Bhai yeh logic kamala hai. Lekin samjh nahi aya 
Lums representative  told BBC or above ONLY.
They said 'average' BBC
I'm expecting the following alevel result: A, B,B,C how will it be averaged?
A B B 
They consider the best 3

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw7h06/students_who_have_given_lcat_instead_of_sats/
i want to ask the students who have given lcat are there any acceptance about them yet ?? or they are not priorty in the first selection procedure? like lums choose students with sats first and then lcat !!! any one with lcat got rejected?? or accepted please lmk 
I have seen many acceptances of LCAT applicants so ig there is no discrimination between SAT and LCAT
I probably think so far only those candidates has received acceptances with lcat were who did exceptional in the test 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw2hga/acceptance/
How many days after the SSE interview do you get the decision
Got mine within two days last year

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvy59q/whats_your_situation/
Just curious

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cvy59q)
don't you guys feel frustrated with all the exam pressure and still not knowing the decisions? I feel claustrophobic by thinking about the decision. It should be a simple yes or No answer. It is the worst psychological trickery that more than 70 or 80 percent of students still await their decisions.
I remember waiting forever for the decision back in the day. Some of my peers heard before me and my anxiety was through the roof.

Hang in there guys, it's going to happen if it's meant to be!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvtqod/lums_package_gum_gaya_hai/
The TCS delivered the parcel sent by LUMS on the wrong address, I am trying my best to track it but nhi milta to kia krun.
Dawwwg 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Idher acceptance ka wait kr raha 
Logon ne acceptance letter bhi gumna shuru kardiya 
Kya hogyi hai  zindagi bhai ..
Try explaining it to the support and tell them the reason.
Email them
I ve tried , they are telling me to track the TCS
Well contact TCS. The courier will probably send the package back or whatever their procedure is.
[deleted]
Yes, tcs says its working on the complaint
[deleted]
If you ask them to
[deleted]
10 din lag sakte hain

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvtfwe/im_getting_in_worrydepression/
Hi there, I got into SBASSE on 17th April. I have 8*As in IGCSE with 2As &amp; 2Bs with list of internationally participated aviation, astrophysics, and climate change extra curriculars.

As a matter of fact, I also applied for financial aid. I did submit the financial aid form (god it was toooo long) and it's been a month that I've only recieved two emails from financial aid department asking for more documents that I provided them ASAP after their emails. Father got one call for some clarification. It's been a month now I haven't gotten my fee voucher and finalized aid package 

And the final nail in the coffin are my A2 exams. A2 exams went pretty bad. I'm worried if my grades fall in the range of BBC or not 😭😭. Here's the breakdown of my grades &amp; I really really appreciate if anyone of u here can understand my situation and help me predict the grades based on my expected A-levels marks

Bio: I had an A in AS level. Now expecting around 170/260

Physics: I had an A in AS level. Expecting 160/260 overall 

Maths: Had a B In AS level. Now expecting 155/250 in A-levels 

Chem: Had a B in AS. Expecting 130/140 

To sum up the long story, I want to ask how is it normal for financial aid office not to come up with decison even after one month? It's still in the process. Moreover, with my As grades being told "along" with what I'm expecting to be my final alevels subject marks, do I have a chance of scoring BBC? 😭HELP NEEDED 
hello. i applied for financial aid last year and got a rejection very quickly. if they are taking time that means that they are considering your application and the committee is throughly evaluating it. i would say that is a good sign, be patient and keep cooperating with them.
I'm worried more about A2 Kay grades. I had 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS

No expecting grades like A,B,C,C 😭😭😭 

Hojaye ga admission ya revoke krdein gye? 

Heres the what worries me. 

Biology: Had an A in AS. Now expecting 170/260 (Probably an A)

Physics: Also A in AS. Expected marks 160/260 (Someone a solid B) 

Maths: B in AS Level. Expecting 150/250 (could be a B or C) 

Chem: Had B in AS LEVEL. Expecting around 130/250 (probably a C) 

So now I can sense my AS LEVEL AABB turn into ABCC. Idk will they allow my get in or revoke my admission 😭😭😭
you require an average of BBC in your best three subjects. your best three subjects are ABC. 
do the math. ABC &gt; BBC. easy ho jao.
I have also applied for FA and haven't received a response yet. I'm sure they'll be rolled out within the next 2 weeks so relaxx. Everything will work out
I applied for FA as well and didn't receive a decision. No one has so far. 


I think you can manage an A with one of your subjects no? If so, you have leeway. Your Alevel subjects just have to average out to be 70% or the equivalent of BBC. So ABD, A*CC etc works out.
What was ur SAT?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvrjqy/change_of_contact_information_and_interview/
 due to some personal reasons, I have recently changed my phone number so i wanna know if there is any issue in it ?? like i had to shut down the number from jazz office! Additionally, I have heard that undergraduate students are receiving interview calls from LUMS(is this true???), and I wanted to inquire whether it is possible to update my contact information records to ensure that I do not miss any important communication regarding interviews or other matters related to my application.
You should update your phone number. They even called me for one missing document in the financial aid application. Usually, they contact if the need the stuff done urgently.  Also, the interview process has started. My friend has an interview on 21st and they usually communicate that through the email.
so how do i do it ? update my phone number there doesn't seem to be an option available for number update or changing portals
I think you need to contact the admissions office for that.
Email them to update your number also I had a similar case,they called my parents for the interview thing so don't worry they'll call your parents if they want to ask something and you don't pick their call .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvquo4/equivalency_and_certificates/
Urgent! I need to make an equivalency for my O/A levels result. I wanted to know which type of equivalency do we have to submit to LUMS? Is there a combined equivalency for both O and A levels result? (Keep in mind that I already completed my A levels a year ago) As I already completed my A levels, do they (IBCC) only require the complete A Levels result (Advanced Level is written next to the subjects) or both of the certificates (AS and A-Levels)? In short, I have all the required certificates except for the AS level certificate.
u only need advanced level certificates (A2) for alevel equivalence
Ig only Alevels because i was a composite student and they never asked for my AS certficates
o level equivalence by the end of this month so if u havent gotten it made yet, get it done on the priority option they have NOW. for a levels, they need the results within 3 days of it being announced and equivalence by september end.
I have my A level certificate as well, so shouldn’t I make a combined O/A levels equivalency?
they dont require it rlly so why would you? uve gotten accepted right?
Yes, I got accepted. Appreciate it man!
Hey man! I got my equivalency made. Where do we have to submit it?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvq32o/depression/
I scored 5A* and 4 As in olevel and 3as in As and a 1320 sat score but I still haven't gotten my acceptance. This thing is really creeping me out .
Do I still have a chance of securing a seat in sdsb or eco field?.
you definitely do stand a chance with those grades. dont worry whatever happens will probably be for the best. i went through this kind of breakdown too a couple of days ago when my CIE didnt go well but it turned out i got accepted to my second pref a week later so i can say this for sure Allah has a plan for everyone just pray that whatever happens is for your best.
Indeed just have faith in ALLAH and everything will be sorted INSHALLAH.
You will get in, In Sha Allah!
very easy for Econ, fair shot at sdsb. Please have more faith, you’ll get it inshallah. rooting for you
praying for you!!
Have patience
InshaAllha it will be better what Allha has planed for you. And remember Allha will award for hardwork eventhough you don't secure your seat. So don't get depressed and be chill. Have a trust on Allha.
if u submitted ur sat late, u may get a decision later on in the summer too, tho ur credentials are amazing im sure ull get in
chill out. Therz still time

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvpuah/acceptances_after_interview/
Has anyone who gave the interview gotten accepted yet?
i don't think so
Oke

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvpryb/interview_help_needed/
So I got an email inviting me to interview, idk why? I don't think my creds were bad + a recc letter from a LUMS professor.

I heard from people that it isn't really really an interview, but more of a Viva. 


So if any of you also had one, please do leave some questions in the comments.

THANK YOUUU
[deleted]
91% matric 
3Bs AS level
1560 SAT
[deleted]
Yup, physics
I guess your as level fucked you over
I don't think its much of a factor, but yea igg
When did you receive email
2 days ago, I asked them to reschedule because it is literally almost right before my CS exam but no response.

Shit tragicc
I heard they are conducting interviews of those who didnot do good on the aptitude test
when's the interview?
21st

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvov38/interview/
Interview in a few days for the mphil elm program. Guys. Any tips? Im going in a university after a 10 year academic break so kinda nervous. 
Join this group for MS/PHD interviews [WhatsApp group ](https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSZJ5vEJChqHRq5fwg44hS)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvn98m/havent_got_my_acceptance_yet_but/
My sister has applied to LUMS and she hasn’t got her acceptance yet… I’m wondering whenever she will get her acceptance (Insha Allah) will the financial aid option be open till then. Im worried if there is a financial aid deadline and her acceptance comes after the deadline?
Everyone has their own deadline of submitting their financial aid application as much as I know (got accepted)
ooh thanks! btw congrats on getting accepted! I’m praying for my sister! 🤞🏽
whenever she will get accepted she will get 1 week to submit her aid doc. even if she got accepted in late august
ooh that’s nice to hear, thanks
Deadlines separate for each. I got acceptance on the 25th and deadline given was for a week. Others got it on the 21st and their deadline was on a different date of course, within the one week limit.
What documents do they ask for? Please share if you don't mind.
I think it varies from person to person. They asked us to clarify some assets in our tax returns. Besides asking for my tuition in Alevel and my sibling's etc. 

For you it will definitely be different.
So how much aid did u get at the end bro?
No decision yet and honestly not expecting aid.
Had an mphil interview today. Didn't go well. Kissi ko koi andaza hai k interview k baad kab tak bata dete hain acceptance yan rejection ka? I don't really care at this point any more. Itni door hai university ooper se, they don't have a bus service bhi. I'm just saaad!
MPhil in what
Mphil Education and Leadership Management

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvn74u/where_can_i_watch_the_season_ted_for_free/

admission ho gaya tou bata du ga
Hurawatch, vumoo. Could download it by torrenting

Also, admission pe dehan de de bhai
I watched it on Prime ( you can easily get a screen on 300rps), and you can also stream it on Apple TV, and dw about admission ho jaega agr hona huva to, just chill.
Soap2day dot rs
Cineb

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvmsku/to_all_the_2023_admissions/
If you could take out time and vote,  when did you get ur decisions (whether accepted or rejected)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cvmsku)
A friend got waitlisted in july i guess and got acceptance letter a day after Alevels result came out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvjilu/withdrew_from_financial_aid/
so i innitially had applied to financial aid but after seeing how detailed the form is i realised ill probably not be considered for it so i withdrew. i was supposed to get my fee voucher 4-6weeks after the submission of the financial aid form, however now that i withdrew from it i dont see any option for fee voucher or any deadline header to pay for it. PLEASE let me know where i can downlaod the fee voucher from and how do i know what my deadline is? i am scared itll be past the dealine since i can't even see what the deadline is. i did email lums too but no response yet since its the weekend.
Usually takes some time. A week I think?
dw bro fees lene ke maamle mein dair nai karte woh. you just mail it to them that i want to withdraw and you’ll receive your voucher the next day on your portal
chalo lets hope i get it by tom cuz i withdrew on saturday
yea the office is closed on weekends. you’ll get a mail tomorrow that your voucher will be uploaded in 2-3 days but it takes a day or two usually
the deadline comes with the fee voucher right?
yup. you’ll get atleast a week for the deadline

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvgz5u/sdsb_or_sse/
I got into SDSB whereas my first preference was SSE. The thing is I myself don't know whats better for me. I have been thinking of doing CS even my ps was all about cs. I am not that much of a big fan of computer knowledge or coding. It's just that my future will be more secure if I do cs, that's what I think. I do really like networking and have some ideas for startups but no investments. I just don't see much progress in business if it's not your own whereas in CS you can always progress, learn stuff, master it and earn upto 15 lac or definitely more. Yea all I care about is money. Most business developers or business consultants take only 3 lac, whatever not more than 5 lac. Unless you have your business you can't really earn much in the business field. It's just that I have never met someone who takes 5 lac+ being a business developer or manager. Whereas most graduates of fast who did cs are earning 8-15 lac per month. 
Also for me business fields seem easy than doing CS and I kinda like it but then again my goal is to earn the max I can.
Also cs graduates can do jobs, remote work, freelancing whereas physical presence of business students is required which means they can't really work extra or earn money from other means.
So should I go for Lums or cs from fast or Nust?
i dont think CS will be worth it in terms of money if youre not "a big fan of computer knowledge or coding". i dont know if you had CS in Alevels/FSc or not but since i had it i can tell you how time-consuming and difficult it is especially in practice(coding). i dont think someone whose not interested in CS would be willing to sit down hours and hours to code and earn income. unless ofcourse you have patience and are willing to have an unhappy professional life that doesnt give you peace. business on the other hand can also make you money if you get into a good bank/finance department and work your way up or start your own business. Overall in my opinion both CS and business can make you good money if you work hard in the field. (for context i had CS as my first pref too but i got into sdsb)
Honestly if you are not interested in coding or computers then you should really reconsider, cs is not all sunshine and rainbows as people make it out to be. Its really competitive, if you are not passionate and hard working you will get left behind.
Job karke paisay kamanay tou LUMS se bachelors karlo, GPA lelo and masters ke liye bahir bhaag jao and phir wahin settle hojana.

Plus honestly do what you like, and be the best at it. Money will start flowing in one day or the other and you will actually enjoy the process because you like what you do.
Bro go to FAST then
Can you give me a rough amount of how much these business people earn
Ig Lums and IBA grads start from an average of 100k and climb up to 300-500k within next 3-5 years.
Ummm ok so business is a no A BIG NO! Thanks tho
alr😂
Bro do you think that you'll earn a paycheck of 1.5M in the first month of your job. If you do CS or any high paying degree.
Everything takes time. GREAT THINGS TAKE TIME. 
Give it your best and be patient. Work hard and you wont even know where the money is coming from.
Starters k liye Pakistan mein 100k bri baat ha. 
Haan if you go abroad phr alg baat ha. R LUMS ap ko achi opportunities provide krti ha. But still If you think k srf university achi hony se ya degree top notch hony se ap ki earnings high hon geen to you're wrong. Mehnat krni prti ha. Degree k saath saath experience r certifications b bht matter krti hain.
I agree but it's true Kay Kuch degrees Kuch fields ma ap jitni bhi mehnat kero apki us level ki progress Nahi hogi Jo apki Kisi aur particular field ma hogi. So I mean agar hardwork he kerna ha toh kisi aisi field ma kero jaha there will be more FRUITS.
CS ma obv the more skillful you are the more valued you will be. But In the business sector I don't see this. Plus you cant do freelancing or earn from other sources business field. Do enlighten me tho
Well I don't agree with you. Paisy degree se nai aaty. Ap k kaam krne se aaty. Ap k skill set se aaty. Ap ko jo opportunities milteen un se aaty. R to r place matters. Agr ap eik national level company mn kaam kro. Beshaq kuch b ho. Manager, assistant, even CEO b ho. Prospects kam hi hon gy. Jb k wo hi ap eik international level ki company mein jaaty ho, farq to ho ga. R wo ap kesy jao gy, apny ap ko worthy prove kr k. Degree jo mrzi ho, job mily jaati ha agr sahi jgha dhoondi jae.
If a person belonging to CS background gets into an AUDIT FIRM and then he wants to get an executive position, impossible to nai kahun ga but mushkil to ho ga obviously. But agr usi firm mein eik accounting background ka bnda ho r wo chahta ho k executive position mily to us k liye comparatively easy ho ga.
bhai paison ke baaron me mat socho itna. cs is a field that is rigorous and requires a lot of passion to do. if you hate coding and problem solving, it is NOT for you. if you are earning more and your job isnt something ur passionate about then that’ll truly affect your mental health. i would suggest follow your passion, go to sdsb, do a computer science minor and go from there. 

ya agar waqayi paison ke peechay paghal ho then go to fast
honestly, put money at a side right now and go after something which genuinely interests you because you wont be able to survive 4 years of undergrad doing something for the sake of it. 

also, what were your creds if you dont mind me asking?
I know for a fact my happiness is based on money so CS here I come. 
93.89% matric 
89% fsc part 1
Really athletic , Good ecs
honestly jis cheez sai pyar hai wo karlo  phir usi mai mehnat kar sakho gai or kamai hogi. Business wale log bhi kama rahe hain sirf mehnat sai kam karna parhta hai.

Baki im not sure about it but wont you be able to get a minor in cs and " earn from other sources" too
Guys, how important are extra curriculars for sdsb.. and I got 1370 in my sat.. idk what to expect?
Honestly do whatever you have actual interest in for your undergrad. It's hard to survive 4 years studying something you're barely interested in. You can study MGS or ACF at LUMS and do a cs minor alongside.
Where are you getting those numbers? Like the numbers for the entry level CS grad salaries? What's your source?
People around me.
Do correct me if I am wrong 
Dawwg where u gettin your info from 🤣🤣
Tbh living examples Infront of me
Fr bro is living in fantasy land 😭
Whay😑

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvgm4s/hostel_or_rented_roomportion_near_lums/
Hey, as the title says please suggest some affordable space near LUMS for a male. Car Parking is a must. 

I would suggest getting hostel accommodation in University. It’s worth the money if you want to make memories with the friends. If you live outside the uni in an apartment, you are gonna miss a lot and regret latter. I just graduated and telling you from my experience. University hostel rooms don’t have ACs but common room on each floor do have ACs.
The hostel fee is like 75k per semester.
You can also park car inside LUMS.
Whats wrong with hostel?
No AC. And I m not really sure about the charges either. Heard they cost somewhere around 40K. Not really sure though.
Also, open to sky parking.
40k etc is for a single semester. Not one month.

AC yeah, but usually people sleep in the common rooms during summer, where they are AC.
40K for a semester is quite a steal lol. 
I know about the common rooms but I m not a student, I m a research associate there. Not really sure if I m eligible for hostel space inside.
Even as a research associate, securing campus accommodation at LUMS remains an accessible option. The dormitory fees are reasonable, and the culinary offerings are exceptional, making it a compelling choice. Alternatively, seeking rental rooms near LUMS presents challenges due to steep pricing, typically ranging from 30,000 to 40,000 rupees per month, exclusive of utilities, food, and transportation expenses. Platforms like OLX and [Zameen.com](http://Zameen.com) offer avenues for exploring available rental listings near LUMS
No offense but your comment seems to be ai generated 😂
do you think I had the time to write a long comment for a Reddit post when I had other convenient option? 😋
Lol you are right xD
I couldn’t find anything good on OLX or Zameen near Lums.
&gt; the culinary offerings are exceptional,

Lmao
😆  
its true LUMS has amazing food
Ahhh ok. Your case might be different. Suggested on campus accommodation because its located in DHA. So high rents etc besides utilities+ transport costs.
I will give it a try though. Recently, housing office asked me a favour lol so maybe it’s time I get back to them.
try askari 11 sector c apartments. ig 2 bedroom apartments with around 30-35k rent monthly. however would help your case if you have know someone in the army otherwise you would be put on a long waiting list
What I have heard is that they don’t give apartments to Bachelors.
yeah but would help your case if u know someone in the army
I don’t 😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvbtaj/needed_some_help_take_5_minutes_out_of_your_life/
So I’ll be going to NUST cuz I’m most probably not gonna make it to lums this time cuz of my SAT score is way too low for SDSB. Currently giving my A level finals and I’m expecting like A,BB or AAB. So do you really need to tell them you took a gap year (well in their eyes ofc) if you apply again next year even tho I was at NUST for a few months and applied again? Can’t you just prepare transcripts again from your school and show them to LUMS that you need to sit for your CAIES and moreover I’m also planning to give an extra subject or maybe a retake in OCT/NOV or MAY/JUNE. Will this make it feasible to get a transcript? Will lums accept transcripts without them knowing I already gave my A levels? Is there a way? Really need some advice!
If you are applying as a freshman I don't think you have to tell them or anything though I suppose you can say in your gap year prompt and essay that you were in NUST and how that helped you. You will just give them your Alevel and Olevel results. I took a gap year and just uploaded my Alevels and Olevel original certificates, nothing from the school.

Would recommend you take any subject this October November as Lums doesn't accept improvements from May/June.
what did you wrote in your gap year prompt?
Bullshit mostly lol. I just wrote that I was exploring my options and that I did an internship and some online courses and such. Wasn't very serious.
i’ve a friend who got rejected from lums and committed  to FCCU. Gave Urdu exam in O/N sesh, the march DSAT and LCAT and applied to lums again as freshman. Got in, left fccu and joined lums as a freshman student. They had no way to verify where he was studying cuz he just made things up in his gap year prompt. 

Can definitely work out for you if you’re discreet about it. 

Also, just a small suggestion- you really don’t need a lums degree to be successful in life :), in case things don’t workout. Try applying for IBA karachi too in R2, good luck with everything
Credentials?
Did you get into LUMS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cva3sb/any_clue_when_lums_will_be_releasing_the_next/

They've been releasing a few acceptances every other day
I think they only have been sending acceptances for sbsd not hss or any other is this also true
SSE and sdsb. Haven't seen acceptances from hss yet

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv9iud/why_people_pay_pkr_1m_per_semester_in_lums/

Its very expensive. I got 80% scholarship in the US and ever after that it was $23k an year. The tuition fee was just $7k but the rest of the expenses are crazy, they need you to have health insurances, the dormitory fee and so much more. Apart from that you need to work over there and the maximum legal hours are 20 which aren’t enough to afford things so then you end up working in cash where they pay you very less. You are out of your comfort zone, you have to manage domestic chores along with the academic pressure as well. Go abroad kehne se kuch nhi hota sab dekhna parhta hai. And guess what the worst part is? Jo universities thori aap ki range mein ati they are very low tier universities with an acceptance rate of 80-90%. Ab now you tell me would you pick all of this or a degree from top tier university in Pakistan which has a decent reputation worldwide as well in like 20% of the amount you would have had to pay abroad?
The living costs alone can be just as same as a lums degree lol.
this
If you are thinking about Australia tou I have a friend with A*s in A level and guess what Australia barely scholarships deta hai. He had to pay Pakistani 10m. UK ka bhi same hisab hai. Be realistic please aese kehna asan hai go abroad jana nhi
Was it 10 million Pakistani rupee per year ?
Yes including the living expenses and everything
what are those low tier universities
State universities usually.
UT-Arlington ?
[deleted]
Contemplating . Living and everything comes out to 60 lakh per year . Also, they get you on the credits .

The i20 has fee for 12 credits but you always have to take 14-15 to get your degree
[deleted]
I mean yes if you look at that from that point of view but masters in the US makes more sense since better employment opportunities and H1b also favours you more .
[deleted]
Well you are right . But " I " believe you should go for the route which the system favours you more .
It's my opnion .
Please don't take it as if I'm being offensive or condescending
People tend to undermine LUMS alot. LUMS is far better than a lot of t100 unis but is only ranked top 450 internationally due to the bad reputation of Pakistan.

Moreover, most unis in the US that people usually get accepted into are barely t50-100s (for that alone u need a better profile than u would for LUMS) and cost like 5-10x more than LUMS. So, getting the same education/ degree from LUMS which is cheaper and less competitive than a mid-tier t100, it’s a pretty sweet deal.

You probably have no idea abt what ur talking about, do some research before u make such dumb posts again.
lack of knowledge and the urge to get out of this country make people think that way. but the majority of the people know the worth of LUMS.
Ikr, people think that bahir/ abroad jana to study is everything when in reality LUMS is usually a wayy better and more viable option, with a lot of scope for decent international jobs as well.
Bro has not heard of living costs and foreign currency depreciation
Because that is still cheaper than abroad.
Since when did lums and universities from abroad cost the same? What drugs is this guy on?
Bro lums is a place where students who did get into good places in the USA, but couldn't make it there due to expenses so they end up at lums. 

For my case, I got in NYU. They gave me a scholarship which covered 85% of the tuition fee. However, rest of 15%fee plus cost of living was around 90 lac per year. Lums is the final resting place of ambitious students who get into USA unis but join it due to finances. Too close yet so far, that's when lums come to rescue
Same bro
Rejected the NYU offer. LUMS it is I guess
OMG SAME , Didnt get any scholarship from NYU though..
nigga isn't in his damn mind
Because their parents have that kind of money 🙏
[deleted]
Thats all well and good but the problem is that even a mid tier university costs an arm and leg
[deleted]
Brother 
When you transfer from Community College to university , very few universities offer scholarships to Transfer students . 
Best bet to have maximum amount of scholarships is to apply as a freshman . Plus , transferring from community college involves moving cost as well and that also counts a lot . Constantly moving around the US for your degree .
About the internships , depends on the Major and school as well .
There are multiple universities out there that reject CPT even if the internship is related to your major . 
Overall , you are always on your toes .
Also , the tuition on the i20 is of 12 credits .
You always have to take more than 12 credits per semester .
[deleted]
Yes . Given that your minor courses you take at a community college are online + California Community are way expensive than Texas Community if one would consider this method as well .
If they are not online then your full day will consist of taking classes and going back and forth between campuses
[deleted]
Yes 100% correct . Fortune favours the Brave .
I meant that if you find community colleges that offer online credit hours but are based out of California so it might be expensive
Also , if you are going to attend a US University 
I suggest you look into IvyTech Community College .
They offer you credit classes online 
You can take first semester courses like Calculus 1 and English from Pakistan if you want

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv4bor/anyone_in_lums_right_now/

Nah, everyone transferred to Harvard
kyun bhai .. kya scene?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv28kl/does_lums_have_a_bias_against_gap_year_students/
Any gap year students that got in? What were your creds
Honestly, saw so many of them get in before regular students. Anything that just matters is they utilised their gap year to a commendable level. 
I had a gap year and got into sdsb. Reasoning I mentioned for it was due to covid. Creds weren't anything outstanding either. 1370 in sat, 10 subjects in olevels with 1 A* and 4 As, 2 A* and 2 As in A level.
All that matters is your profile if it's robust then the gap year is unlikely to have any effect on your chances of admission, plus ik many people who got into LUMS with multiple gap years. However, you need to show them that you weren't just binge-watching Netflix and utilized it well.
Had a gap year. Got into msghss ( first preference).

Sat: 1450. Olevel: 6A* 2A, AL: A* ABC

Ecas: average 

PS: Good.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cux9zj/cs_majorminor/
what alevel subjects should i have for cs major? if i have business, math and psychology do i have a chance or should they be from it, further math, computer science, bio, chem? can someone guide me? 
You need at least three full credit STEM subjects to fulfil the criteria for sse admission. So yes, you need to have any three out of math, chem, bio, phy, cs, it &amp; further math

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cutn06/after_undergrad/
i want to know if lums science school graduates can get in top universities for post graduation, like MIT, Stanford or Harvard? 
LUMS is famous for placing its students in the top colleges in the US and worldwide.  Many students after graduation from LUMS go to the Ivy Leagues and the t20/50s in the US for their grad admissions.
Yes if you work hard enough
Ur uni name doesn't do Jack shit just focus on attaining a high gpa and doing internships as well just build up ur cv from day 1.
MIT DOESNT OFFER EXTERNAL MS OMG DO SOME RESEARCH
are you in your damn mind LOL
if you're so well learnt then why don't you help us out?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cut8yu/ma_got_accepted_today/
I’m in my first year of FSc. and I got accepted in LUMS today in BBG school. I have international awards, i have gone to the UN as a representative of Pakistan on the issue of Palestine. I am an FSc. student but i have 8A*s in O levels. i also have 1620 SAT. I got accepted today but still, do you think i have a chance?
i guess u will be not coz you didn't solve palestine issue yet...n thas score is way to low...better luck next time.

we will pray for you(or not)🥲
yeah, i failed as a UN representative, but who didn’t!??
🫡🫡🫡you are selected now saar🫡🫡🫡
Yaaassssss
Honestly very slim chances I'm sorry
oh no 🙁🙁
but how you get 1620 out of 1600 ?
i’ve been wondering that myself 😩
Tell me you couldn't get 1700 without telling me you couldn't get 1700
fr! i passed that challenge… next one: tell me you couldn’t get 20A*s without telling me you couldn’t get 20A*s
Lmao I did fsc and got 53 A*s on the side along with a solid 5600/1100 in fsc
nah that’s mid, i got a 7000/1100 in fsc and 80 A*s 😩🙏🏻
Good job man I'll get there too some day 😔
you will become one of the pro SAT test takers one day brooo
I wanna smoke what bro smoked while writing this
no smoke pure talent🦧
University of Turbat for you little bro
gyad darn it! i also applied to harvard, now i don’t think ill get in
You had me for a sec :')
i think BBG school gave it away 😂🫠 i THINK
yar you can take my acceptance, meri req a level nahi meet horhi, so if you can do that take my spot
chalo dedo apni seat, what are you gonna charge for it though? and Is LUMS going to agree with you? i want you to sign a whole paper!!!
no charge, if LUMS agrees that I can, you can have it. Call them
you should call them! my name is “Homvia Papay” tell them that Homvia Papay deserves this more than i do
who’d you learn that from? 😔🙏🏼
from the OG!! Butt Academy!
lame and insane smh
you got accepted in which department? Which course?
ADHD department in the course schizophrenia
[deleted]
thank you for taking out the time to express your opinion 🤗
🤓👆

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cuqqoo/financial_aid/
To the guys who opted for aid and got accepted: what's the docs they asked you to submit and before what deadline. And what's the range of the aid you are hoping to get as a not very "Rich" person.
dm
Pls send me the deetails  too🙃
did
hey tell me as well
sent
please do the honour here as well
Hey, can you share this with me too. Thanks a lot

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cupapc/is_lums_highly_competitive/
I mean, is it true that LUMS only accepts the best applicants? Is it for real that LUMS Meticulously evaluated every single applicant?   
If you got admitted into it, does it really means you are smart?
[deleted]
What were your grades?
[deleted]
No way this is average 💀
The admission criteria is unknown, and you gotta bring your A game to stand a chance
When will LUMS classes start?   
Is O'week mandatory to be attended?
In august of September prolly  
Mandatory?😂. i dont think anybody on earth would miss O' week its the most fun week.
4th of September
To some extent yes
It doesn't really mean you are smart but yes lums is competitive, especially SDSB and SSE. I would say that to get a garaunteed admission, you would need pretty good creds.
the thing is for the most part yes, People here are extremly smart, the thing is in my sse freshman year there were more than enough smart people as compared to less smart people that I had to bring my A game to every lecture, attened every tutorial and self study for hours just to compete with them ( as they are enough to raise the mean high) so in short v many laik bacha as compared to avg bacha

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cuisvj/will_my_friend_get_in/
My friend has 1\* 5As in olvel and has made his own ngo and has good ECs like proffesional work, he has applied for a literature major at lums hummanites school BUT HAS 1030 SAT, does he have chance of addmission
I don't think he will get in because his SAT score is below the minimum requirement for LUMS.
hmm.. but lums requiremet is min 8bs so like dont his olvly grades compensate thar
No I don't think so!
Very difficult 1200s ka to I have seen 1030 is just too low bro


hmm.. but lums requiremet is min 8bs so like dont his olvly grades compensate that and he has good ecs
it doesn't they consider sat seperately
Yeah they considered the whole profile  but  still 1030 is low it will significantly affect the profile although it says 8 bs cz you see there will be applicants with significantly higher grades on average and if he has written good essay has good ecas maybe he cant make it but still has a low chance although hss has low sat score pn average lowest i have seen being accepted is 1120 with 8as yes there might be a chance but lower cz I have seen people with 1200-1300 sat good O level good ecas still being rejected.  This is by no mean demeaning but a realistic perspective.  It always good to consider other uni options just as backup but don't have high hopes for lums just saying.
hmmm makes sense
Ho jaye ga with merit scholarship
i sense sarcasm
Someone get this man into harvard
real
No chance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cui2ma/internship_in_lums_specifically_research/
Does lums have any internship programs for the summer that I can join as a non-lums student specifically research related etc?
you can apply for LUMS research internship RISE, I'll be applying for this too, but it is kinda competitive
is it free to apply or do i have to pay a fee or anything if i am accepted

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cufp7c/urgent_help_needed/
I applied in SEE for Cs but don't have a background for it and second option was SDSB.I received a call for the interview and I am freaking out  right now,I dont know where to start,could anyone who gave these interview recently could shed some light upon this or even tell the questions that I could expect so I could prepare accordingly,help would be greatly appreciated. 
Just stay confident. What are ur creds?
Try to find a link between the two.You did A for example through which you found a passion for B 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cueqn5/decisions_acceptances/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cueqn5)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cue31n/ucl_vs_lgs_international_degree_programme_vs_tmuc/
Which institute is best for University of London’s LLB in Lahore? And why? 
Lgs one is not even like a uni, I mean who makes a uni on the third floor of a school? At least UCL is a proper uni
Thank you. Apart from UCL being a being proper uni, any other solid reasons to choose it? Does it have good teaching staff, and good supportive environment for students?
Don't know much about that, but all these international unis gives same degree of uni of london, so I guess it's on you how well you perform. 
Also if you are thinking about supportive environment from students well I can bet on that UCL would be better at that, I mean what support do we need if we are with like 20-30 students(yes lgs strength is around that)?
Thank you. Any idea about the total fee for 3 year LLB at UCL?
No, maybe you can check that out on their website
The fee section is not working but thank you for all the help.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cudwlg/international_students_acceptances/
Any student who applied as an international student received an acceptance yet? 


I did as an international student but no updates yet! 🤞
yes one of mate is SSE

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cud8c9/_/
At this point i want to ask. 
Rejections kab ana shuru hoti hain
last year mujhe july mei ai thi
Creds?
Ana Shuru hogi hein. But still very small in number. Rejecting the most obvious cases.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cubk9a/lums_scholarship/
Does lums give scholarship to students, eligibility criteria?
1. LUMS does offer merit scholarships, no separate application is required, automatically be considered after submitting your online application.  
2. Financial aid, its given on the need base  
3. NOP 120% scholarships a separate application is required for more details visit their website  
4. LUMS interest-free loans
[deleted]
it is very competitive to get

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu8whh/lums_acceptance/
Guys how do I know if I'm rejected or accepted, didn't receive an email or update on the portal. When will I get a response?? Or am I rejected
Wait 
Acceptances come till 31st july
im so done hearing this 😭🙏🏼
Hahaha same but this is also the only thing that retains hope. Kya pata late hee ajaye
true, hopefully
on your portal a new column of admission status alongside the others (application status, document checklist, etc) will appear when u get a response. Keep rechecking that and lmk how it turns out
Didn't get it yet, why????

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu781w/admission_portal/
hiii so i just received my acceptance like an hour ago and all the documents are there on the portal EXCEPT for the fee voucher? and because of that i don’t know the deadline for paying/accepting?
anyone else who has had the same issue pls reply thanksss
Did you apply for financial aid?
nope
Strange. I suggest that you email them your problem with an attached screenshot
Credentials
Which school?
it will generate after a while dw
when i got my acceptance, the fee voucher generated after 24 hours

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6yz1/guide_me/
Fsc student here. What does attested copy actually mean ? Do I have to get a new certificate from the board office with some specific stamp? And will I get a certificate of my first year result alone considering 2nd year results haven’t come out yet? And is the only way to get attested copies is to visit the board office?
Yes you have to visit the board office to get them attested! I got mine attested two days ago!
Do I have to take any documents with me ?
I can guide you through the whole process. DM.
you need to go the board office to get your resultcards attested. the certificates for our batch aren’t out yet, even the matric one. so you only need the to attest the transcript
You have to take your Matric and First Year Results Copies. The only way is to attest it is by Board Office. They will give you an envelope with a seal and you must not open it and directly courier it to LUMS.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6fc4/financial_aid_and_offer/
If your financial aid doesn’t get accepted it doesn’t affect your conditional offer right?
It doesn't. You just then need to pay the full fee
Can we withdraw from financial aid after receiving the offer?
Yes you can
And will we be considered for merit scholarship if we apply for aid?
Yes you will. In fact I know a couple who withdrew their FA after receiving scholarship

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6dgy/did_anyone_get_financial_aid_decision_yet/

Didn't get yet. Haven't heard anyone else getting it
Oh okok thank you

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu5wgz/exec_mba_interview_call/

Got call for MS supply chain. Interviews are scheduled for next week
Thanks … was wondering if anyone got interview call/ mail for MBA executive yet?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu479s/if_i_got_into_one_school_can_i_get_into_the_other/
I got a conditional for honours in bsc but I'm aiming for computer science can I still get in
[deleted]
Me too just now😿
What time did u get it? And credentials please
Around 5 pm and credentials Olevels 8A*s1A
ALevels 3As1C SAT 1330 good ps loads of ecs
Which school did you get in?
Sdsb
Credentials?
In which school? 

Usually it is rather hard transferring between schools, especially from less competitive schools to more competitive ones.
[deleted]
Transfers to SSE are very difficult. I mean there is a process and some people definitely manage but be prepared to work overtime
[deleted]
I think somewhere around June or July.
[deleted]
Yes
[deleted]
No worrie.
YES, you can transfer to another school at the end of the freshman/sophomore year after meeting certain criteria, but switching to SSE is the hardest among all since you need to maintain a certain high GPA and take courses in calculus and algebra, plus the number of students applying and vacant seats left also matter.
Which did you get in ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu3jzt/does_anyone_know_total_acceptances_so_far/

No one would know for sure but imo 300-400
And there are many more to come; they'll complete the number of 1100+ students for the batch. And I've heard they are enrolling more students this year.
How much more?
Would you happen to know how many are enrolled in Ms programmes?
I'm not sure grad admissions :)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu2tzv/interview/
Does anyone has SSE interview tomorrow\\ or today was the last date?
I have mine on Tuesday!
Can you help me out here? I have my interview very soon, so how should I prepare for it? What kind of questions do they ask, etc. It'll be very helpful.
Come dm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu18tp/overrated/
What would you say about people claiming LUMS is overrated, or that it has lost it's value through the years? Obv people are still applying and love this uni, so it's interesting to see the polarized views. Would NUST or some other uni triumph over LUMS? Is it worth the extensive price? 
I've also noticed people saying "apply to USA instead of LUMS" as if it's a piece of cake (from someone who has gone through the entire experience)
Students aren't even getting visas now because everyone's trying to run away from here. Thoughts? 
if you can afford it comfortably ( your parents are not pulling strings like getting loans, not cutting back on current expenses etc.) then it’s probably the best option for you. 

If you’re basically just paying for it at the expense of losing some living standards or getting a loan it’s not worth the investment, IBA is half the price and gets you 90-95% of the experience. 

NUST is great value for money as the entire degree is only 15-16 lac which is what, 1/4th of LUMS but you get 70-80% of everything. The only thing NUST wont have that lums does is exposure to international markets and corporations, which honestly you can get yourself too if you connect with such people on Linkedin and get a few international certifications which eventually prove that you’re a great prospect employee.

An example of what I said would be a company like McKinsey. McKinsey hires 40-50 new consultants every year and 40-50% of their hires are LUMS graduates, 20-30% IBA graduates and the rest being NUST/IoBM/LSE people. This just proves that it’s possible to go wherever an avg lums student gets employed, but the path won’t be as easy for you.

If you’re willing to put in the extra work and are great at networking, i don’t see a reason why you should go to LUMS if you can save some money that you can utilise for your Graduate studies. You’ll get similar employment prospects with the exception of 1-2 major companies, as long as you’re a graduate of LUMS/IBA/NUST/FAST/GIKI
Yeah I would 100% agree that IBA is a much better choice than LUMS as it also gives u an edge in the economic hub of Pakistan aka Karachi, due to its strongest alumni network in the country present there... also it has equal value all over Pakistan... and as far as going abroad for masters is concerned, name any big/famous foreign uni and you'll most probably find an IBA graduate who has studied or is studying there... 

and also IBA has better hostel facilities, better infrastructure, better finance research and programs, and obviously a much older and bigger legacy being the Oldest Business school outside of North America, which makes it the oldest business school in the whole of Asia!
Dont compare lums with nust. Nust is shit tbh or maybe it's me who had great expectations from it.
(Nust grad here)
what were ur expectations
The freedom to choose my own courses every semester 

Not studying shitty irrelevant subjects in engineering 

Faculty being a bit cooperative (some of them are sadistic af)

Administration is full of crack old faujis

Rote learning in some subjects

Teaching ancient and obsolete courses like engineering drawings while not giving importance to much imp softwares 

Unnecessary stress but i guess that's common every where
That's interesting. Everyone I know from NUST can't stop singing praises about it. And I thought the social life there was good too, considering the clubs and societies, not to mention the events. I know of people whose life long dream is to enter Nust. Your pov is new for me so thank you for sharing.
Social life aint bad but my pov is strictly related to studies that too concerning my department (civil engineering) only.
bro, you're misguided don't have high expectations from a public institution run by the army!
indeed these insecure wimps can't get over their insecurity and can't help themselves but compare the best institution in the PAk with other crap universities!
there's no competition of LUMS in the PAK end of the debate!
Lums is seen as overrated because of the fees it demands and the fact you can get similar degrees cheaper and from institutions which are cheaper.

If you can afford lums or get scholarship/aid, I don't see how it is overrated as such in Pakistan.
Look, I’m from IBA. Every place loses its standard to an extent over time, it’s understandable. But when you take a look at the market and the kind of output LUMS has, it’s among the best Pakistan has to offer. Every place has its pros and cons, but to say LUMS is behind other universities in Pakistan is just being salty.
what abt iba?
Standard’s fallen, no lie. Akbar Zaidi has been horrible for us. Nevertheless, still the top choice (alongside LUMS) for graduates to get opportunities.
Bro kindly check dm
Firstly those who claim it is overrated or bash it are the incompetent folks who themselves couldn't make it to LUMS ( a great institution speaks for itself whether you praise it or bash it ).  Secondly, IBA, GIKI, and NUST are other great universities in PAK, but the thing is they can't be compared with LUMS, why? Because LUMS has distinctive traits and protocols that set it apart from other universities. All of their academics and entire education system are entirely based on that of the US, which is definitely not cheap and comes with a price tag, their exposure and campus life are unparalleled in Pak. Every year many students don't go to the US or the UK because it's very expensive now coz of the dollar hike and high COA and they choose LUMS instead which is a comparatively very cheap option and with the same academics and somewhat similar exposure.

and give me a break it is a very generous institution and I think it is the only private institution in PAK where 40% of the students are studying on aid considering the fact they receive no funding from the government or the Army WHATSOEVER. On the other hand, HARVARD is also a private institution in the US  but it receives massive federal grants every year, our education ministry should also learn from em and they should fund good private institutions.
You cannot disregard other people's opinions simply because you think they are "incompetent" and/or couldn't get into lums. Lums may give you an edge on your CV because of its name but everything else you must do on your own. Lums is not a necessity for success and that is the truth many lums worshippers do not want to accept. My sister went to Lums but all the directors of the company she's working in right now are alumnus of UET. See my point?
We cannot talk about the seniors and directors. 

In Lums faculty many have a Bachelor degree/Master degree from Quaid E Azam university. We have to look for the coming 40 years. In those 40 years the whole faculty and business director/high post will be totally different. Maybe your sister and similar batchmates would take those higher places .
Or maybe they won't. Whatever the case, at the end it won't depend on their university but their skills. 


Also the CEO of the company my sister is working in graduated in 2014 so I wouldn't say it's too far off to use as an example. 


Success is measured using multiple factors: skill, network and most importantly luck. You could be a gold medalist at lums and end up unemployed. Everyone needs to work hard for success, no university will offer it on a plate for you.
I'm specifically talking about some baseless LUMS cririques, don't specify it as a common belief in the first place! And yes I didnt disregard anyone's opinion everyone have their freedom of speech. And I'm not here to take someone's validation either what I said is my personal observation and opinion. No institution in the world would serve a successful career in the plate for you, you need to strive for it, indeed just like LUMS any top school isn't a necessity for success in life. Attending a top school is a privilege not an obligation. But what's the point of dragging this in a different path? LUMS worshipers?? What's the point of saying this? Just like I can't disregard someone's opinion you can't really validate yours!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu0vhr/kms/
4A* 5A in O Level. 4a in AS including further math. 1440 SAT. and still no acceptance. i didnt even apply anywhere else in pakistan. i got in unis like warwick edinburgh and alberta but theyre wayy too expensive idk mera kia hoga mujhe iqra nahi jana 🙏🏽
same bro not trying to flex but i got into berkely but havent received an offer from LUMS
why aren’t you going to berkely?
documentation issues unfortunately. 

i dont want to be on a gap year cuz of that
which school?
sse
4A in As 6A/A\* and 3 Bs, 1450 sat and im still waiting too, sdsb school
IA we'll get in
Admissions come till 31st. So have patience and apply to other universities.
Awards and ecas?
bunch of math awards mostly 1st place a few runner ups, some CS awards too, USEFP high achiever award, received and maintained 100% merit scholarship in A level, volunteered at an animal shelter, bunch of participation certificates including lums integration bee. Head of math category in my schools annual science event. Tutoring. A few more but cant remember rn.
go edinburgh
aa jayega. 1520 sat and got in end of may last year. easy ho jao.
bro do yk any student with low SAT score cuz mines way too low compared to the rest its 1130 , but my matric is 100% and fsc 80. applied in hss n sdsb
few friends of mine with similar sat applied but sadly no acceptance yet. Sat zyada dekhte hai ye waise despite an endless list of ecas. its a pak uni after all. they say the admission process is holistic but compared to foreign ones scores wagera (again mainly sat) pe zyada dhyaan dete hai
hsa ka chance hai but make sure to keep backup options incase
You've gotten all as you'll get in dw
ho jaye ga araam se, these are good grades
Hojaayega ezily. I got in with 1430 last year
Nust aur giki apply kerlo abhi bhi time hai
wasn’t giki’s last date 15th?
a student from there told me they extended it
Extended to 30th

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctkfkn/acceptance_email/
Do you receive an acceptance email or is it necessary to just keep checking your portal every day because I want to STOP doing that
My portal updated before and I received an email two days later. So keep checking the portal I would say ☠️☠️
Ok 😭😭😭
Chin up acceptance ayegi insha'Allah
Thank you for saying that!!!
us bro i wanna stop maniacally checking the portal all the time😭😭
I dont do that cuz too much heartbreak lol but yeah I am done with it
cant lums plz just tell me am i rejected or accpeted? that submitted is my least favourite word now a days
But it feels so good when you're newly done with your applicationnnn
everything feels good in the start and loses its hype after sometime 😂😭
No kidding 😭😂
You do
Best hai
mei thak gaya hu
Mai bhi ab itni umeed nai laga sakti
its been two years for me, i thought iss dafa hojayega its getting old now
Omg really??? For me it's the second time
mera bhi two years as in this one and the previous
Ohhh ok, so you took a gap year? Which school did u apply for? (Dont tell me its SSE 💀)
business school, studied enough sciences
Ohhhh well I applied for cs so it's like the most competitive field rn
'university of management sciences', lums has the best business school, i dont the best cs school
Hmm that's true but cs is just the toughest degree to get into generally these days
Hi what are your creds if u don’t mind?
My portal updated before and I received an email two days later. So keep checking the portal I would say ☠️☠️
Ok 😭😭😭
Chin up acceptance ayegi insha'Allah
Thank you for saying that!!!
us bro i wanna stop maniacally checking the portal all the time😭😭
I dont do that cuz too much heartbreak lol but yeah I am done with it
cant lums plz just tell me am i rejected or accpeted? that submitted is my least favourite word now a days
But it feels so good when you're newly done with your applicationnnn
everything feels good in the start and loses its hype after sometime 😂😭
No kidding 😭😂
You do
Best hai
mei thak gaya hu
Mai bhi ab itni umeed nai laga sakti
its been two years for me, i thought iss dafa hojayega its getting old now
Omg really??? For me it's the second time
mera bhi two years as in this one and the previous
Ohhh ok, so you took a gap year? Which school did u apply for? (Dont tell me its SSE 💀)
business school, studied enough sciences
Ohhhh well I applied for cs so it's like the most competitive field rn
'university of management sciences', lums has the best business school, i dont the best cs school
Hmm that's true but cs is just the toughest degree to get into generally these days
Hi what are your creds if u don’t mind?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctjjnp/i_want_to_join_lums_in_future_currently_in_o2_did/
Any tips what I should do focus more on studies how to study any schedule motivation after lums and i have to go for css
Am I on right track or a levels not a good option plz tell
aw cute i am on the same path waisay (currently giving A2 exams and waiting for decision tho)
O2 Mai reddit Pai agaye ho to agay Allah hee khair karay.
Zia ul Haq aur Bhutto k notes yaad karo lums ka na socho
Sab hojayega
i remember being this ambitious too man dont bully the kid
It is good to have a goal early on in life but don't get too fixated on it because if something doesn't work out it would probably hurt PRETTY bad
agreed. but again life doesnt end, so have goals but remain open to options and have backup plans.
Yes instead of having one set goal it's better to have a general direction you want to work towards especially at OP's stage. They should just try to maintain good grades and take part in as many productive extracurriculars as possible
How tf is this bullying???
calm down butt saab i was sarcastic/kidding shouldve added emojis my bad
😂🫠
?
I meant being this ambitious in OLevels is good. Cuz you do need good grades and extracurriculars for LUMS and OLevels is the optimal time to work on your portfolio. So good luck kiddo I hope you get A*s in O/ALevels and a 1450+ SAT score inshallah
Inshallah btw what is sat
Scientific Aptitude Test. Basically a standardised digital test by college board which is out of 1600 and consists of English and Math.
I suggest you prepare and give an attempt in your O3 vacations when you’re done with Olevels
Oh I understand
Oh I understand I’ll contact you once I get in o3
You're in your olevels lol, relax karo, work hard dont stress rn, sab hojaega.
I know but mu elders fear me that if i am not able to achieve good in i levels i wouldn’t be able to go further
You'll do well in your alevels, theyre not AS hard as people make them to be, believe in yourself, you'll go further.
Thx
Thx btw
When they said A2 olevels ki tarha 2 weeks mai nahi hota ( something was true about it)
I am in 02 rn I have chance
Yes just dont stress too much burnt out hojata hai 
your ambition will take you higher chap
Thx
Mai o2 mai mitti khata tha ye yahan lums ka puch rahay
Agay ki bhi to Sochni ha
Hello king!

As long as u are in Olevels, you one and only job is never let your grades down. Rn, it's time for u to worry about your grades. Did you know lums average is 8As in Olevels, but u gotta aim for 8A* inshallah. I have 8 A*s in IGCSE 

Only once you're in A-levels, you'll have more than enough time to contribute towards profile building. Abhi Kay Liye, just study and enjoy. Take things nice, slow, simple. Don't be overwhelmed.

Edit: One thing I recommend u that u start studying for SAT exam from now onwards. By the time you'll go in A-levels, you'll already be proficient. You need a min of 1350 for lums. But I've u invest time prepping for sat in yo summer breaks of O2, then Summer breaks of 03, &amp; by the time u start your AS level, appear for SAT exam &amp; I'm sure Inshallah if u put in small efforts from now onwards, ur gonna hit a 1500 mark easily. 

Note that DO NOT mess up your 02 &amp; 03 exams for the sake of sat "for time being"
Any tips to get straight as in o levels i still have to give 8 subjects had already messed up in 3 but wish I get A* or at least an A
Past paper practice

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctigiv/lums_admission_question/
I have 5A* and 3A in Olevels, 1350 in SAT And BBCC in Alevels. I want to apply for The Accounting and Finance Course. However I did not take Accounts in Alevels. My subjects are Physics, Maths, business, Computers. Can I still get admission for Acc and Finance or do I need accounting?
Accounting isn't required but your stats for SDSB are low.
Ah okay, what should I try to improve?
Yes, your SAT definitely. If possible Alevel as well if possible.
Ah okay, Thank you!
Your SAT is kind low for SDSB but fingers are crossed!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctcata/chance_me/
O lvls-   2A*, 7 A, 2 B

A lvls- 6 A*

SAT- 1400

good EC's
Who hurt you in A levels?
GOAT comment
with those Alevels credentials blud should get hired by LUMS
Alevels k ye aap expected bataa rahe hain ya actual grades? And either way bro aisi kya majburi thi jo 6 subjects rakh liye 😬
Alevel which subjects did you take?

And which school?
Itne subjects mein do teen bache Alevels kerlein 😭
Why didn't you get acceptance ab tak?💀
Istg.💀
Meanwhile we suffering in alevels😭😭
not a chance
6A* Mashallah 
Need tips I am in al levels rn
bruh why're you applying in LUMS go abroad with those alevel grades *(yes bfr you all start shouting i know the SAT, i know that EC's are more important, and yes i know that some people cant.)*
No chance bro, your grades are lacking. Better to get admission in iqra

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct80qr/urgent_help_needed/
OKAY SO BASICALLY I HAVE A LUMS INTERVIEW TOMORROW FOR UNDERGRAD CS, COULD ANYONE WHO'S GIVEN THE INTERVIEW GIVE ME TIPS AND WHAT QUESTIONS TO EXPECT ASAP THANKSSSS!!!!!!!

I don't have a choice I have to clear in one go:(
Just chill and stay confident, dude! It's not like they're grilling you for a top-paying job. they might throw in some personal stuff about your essay or hobbies, just to get a feel for who you are. they might ask what subjects you rock at, so be ready for that. Just take it easy, you got this!
Interview is not to judge your book knowledge. They will check your GK, confidence, body language, etc. If you don't know answer to a question just apologize and don't show nervousness.
I got a call too,did you have your interview already?? Would love some insight in what they asked
Yes I did. It was a viva type interview they didn't ask me any questions about why I'm applying or why lums etc etc. They asked about my subjects, then asked relevant questions related it them. They do help you out when you get stuck. Since I applied for cs and my subjects were cs maths and physics, they asked about simple programming logic like how to separate digts in an two digit integer and then then they delved deeper into it asking what if the length of the integer was unknown etc. They basically were trying to see my thought process and whether it was logical or not. I was only asked one easy maths question which was plotting a graph for x(x-2). Biggest tip is be confident and stay calm if you don't know the answer. If they ask you about what you learned in your subject (like they asked me what simple programs I wrote in python) answer with the concept or topic you know best so when they ask you further questions linked to it they see how well your logic flows. Good luck&lt;3
what were ur credentials 😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7nq1/internships_in_lahore/
could anyone suggest good internships out there for CS, graphic designing, marketing, leadership or anything of that sort... preferably free or atleast not costing too much:)
looking for fun in my last vacations before i can legally be held accountable for my actions lol🙃

i also have tons of experience in graphic designing and social media related stuff so if anyone is looking for paid interns i am available be to scouted (dm me and i'll send in my CV🙏🙏)


I have done a paid internship in content writing and AI at a UK based firm, if you want details dm me.
I would love if you would be kind enough to share the particulars of your internship. Thanks
dm me
Pls do share with me too
dm me
dm'ing u bro
Hi! Can you please share details?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7ncd/is_80_good_or_bad_for_lums/
Guys if I get 80% in Hssc-1 (Fbise), will it be possible for me to get admission next year? Or is too bad? Because in my college, 80% is considered quite good, like you're easily in top 2 or 3 in the class... Because fbise has become quite tough now to get a 90+... 
For reference, I have 89.7% in Matric and Sat is also 1450+ predicted.. ECAs are good 10-15 including Sports, Volunteering, Internships and Jobs. (And will be applying to SDSB)

Kindly if anyone has some experience regarding this, guide me! I am feeling very stressed and depressed right now... I need someone experienced to give me some clarity!!!

Ur response would really mean a lot to me! ❤️😪
Don’t worry I got into SDSB with 1310
and other creds?
School your applying too?
sdsb
Hmmm. Maybe a bit on the average end purely from fsc standpoint and what you usually see percentage wise . SAT you should probably aim it to be higher( 1450+).

That said, I think matric score is good enough.

Academics come first but focus should be on a well rounded profile to compensate for any deficiencies which your profile shows.
Do they consider the board as well? like if my board was Punjab or Sindh for example, I would've easily gotten 85+ in fsc 1... but fbise has become quite difficult now to get that much... and Im saying this from a good student's perspective (like I have always come 1st or 2nd in school)
That I don't know as their decision making process is opaque once you come out of extremities. I suppose they do take that into account. 

But dw. Your matric is pretty decent as well as ECAs. If you manage to get 80-85%, then I would say focus on getting a 1450+ Sat score.

Also note that people with more weaker academic stats get in but we don't know what part of their profile lums deems exceptional. Could be an Essay, ECA or award. So the above Sat score is to be on the safest of sides.
okk bro/sis! I really appreciate u telling all me all this! Helped me form a perspective ❤️👍
Easily If SAT is accurately predicted.
Really??
Yeah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7kit/decision/
How long after the interview will I get the decision

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct69sj/a2_performance_shattering_the_conditional/
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
brother/sister i doubt you’ll go from 2a 2b in as to less than an average of bbc in your three best subjects. however, in the very rare chance it happens, do have a backup plan in the likes of fast, nust and giki. goodluck for your a2 results and hope to see u in september!
Thanks dear brother 🙏🙏
Always have a contingency back up plan incase you dont get in Lums. NUST, FAST jiska test desakte/desakti ho dedo. wese as far as I remember you need 2 Bs and a C atleast to maintain your conditional LUMS acceptance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csvakw/mba_interview_email/
How many of you have received an interview email? 


Didn’t get the email for Exec MBA yet

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csqavp/rejections/
Has anyone got rejection from lums yet ?
Yes
Yes people have gotten
Ohhhh isee
Bhai bht logon ki ayi hingi rejections u do know this reddit barely has like 50 active ppl plus ppl dont tell rejections but with every cycle both acceptances and rejections come
Shi shi kyunke abhi tk i haven't heard any

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cspp42/any_recent_acceptances_for_hss/
Heard that people started getting their acceptance’s yesterday 
Following

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csmzpj/rip_dreams_of_studying_at_lums/
The way todays p3 went I’d be lucky to get a C 
Ong, literally left half the paper empty. I don't think I'll meet requirements the conditional offer
Yeah, it’s really disappointing because I felt like I had a really good chance of being accepted, what am I supposed to do now
Try to get an A in one of the two subjects other than maths so even if you get a D in it your average of BBC can be maintained.
Obviously easier said than done but🤞
I’m hoping business goes smooth, man I’m so fucking tired this schedule has been so ass
Acceptance agayi or are you still waiting?
I’m waiting but my creds are good
what were ur As k grades
1 A and 2 Bs
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
Hamara batch hi manhoos hai. Pehle p1 ne tabah kiya. S1 hua hi nhi or ab p3
Compensate it with other subjects
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
All you need to do is meet the 70% requirement. In other words, the average of your grades must be 70% if you do equivalence. Looks like you will get at an A in biology. Atleast for two other subjects a B looks possible. So you should overall meet the requirement.
Ibcc equivalence? Cuz A-levels equivalence is based on Olevels &amp; A-levels. I've got 737/800 in Olevels according to equivalence. A-levels marks would make up 300 to round an equivalence to 1100
So basically your A2 grades need to average out to a 70% yes basically. Isn't exact ibcc equivalency but more like if we take ibcc equivalency of individual subjects and average it out, overall you get 70% 

https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/s/itUVnPUvmD

See this to get an idea what combinations average out to 70%.

In addition, because your subjects are full credited in SSE, you just need the three best of the four to have the above combo. So ABC can work for example.
Make sure you excel in other subjects and it would be compensated.
and i thought i was the only one who messed up.  lets pray threshold extremely low hon. (btw if you dont mind what grades did you get for P1 and M1 if you appeared for it?) also any idea if i get p1A m1A s1A and p3B what would my consolidated grade be?
Do you mean last year? I had a B I got a A in m1 and a I think I got a C or a B in p1 I don’t remember
are you giving composite ya going with AS ka grade?
I’m going with AS ka grade
also bro ye batao pls i need hosla: if i have p1A m1A and get s1AorB and p3B what would my consolidated grade be?
Depends on how many marks you got in the As but I’d say overall A, btw how did p3 go aaj
bad-
i hope the thresholds lower to low 50s
But you just said p3 B 😭
i feel like ill lose 20+ marks- and the average threshold for A has always been 55 isliye super scared

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cslcp9/mphil_soe/
So i just got an email for an interview this week, someone please explain is this a good sign? and what are my chances now? Applied for the Mphil Educ &amp; Leadership program --- 
Congratulations!!
It's a good sign!! What was your major? Do you have work experience?
8 year long work experience, entrepreneurial mostly.
BEST of luck!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csjyhb/sahsol/
only for Sahsol pls

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1csjyhb)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csiihr/undergraduate_interviews/
Does LUMS conduct interviews as well or is the admission directly given? 
From what I've seen on the website, the shortlisted applicants are required to give an interview before it is decided that they get admission or not
The interview is only conducted in Lahore, right? I've heard they don't conduct it online or is it possible?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csi9kq/how_to_complete_it_please_help/
https://preview.redd.it/098ab217qk0d1.png?width=1069&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=10266b3d7175b916c2ec4f9e774d957a93b7c3de


Did you get an acceptance todayy?
No
what were ur credentials
1330 SAT  
98 MATRIC  
91 FSC   
Good Ecs And Awards (Inc. 2 internships)
nice! which feild?
BS ACF   
hve you gotten in?
Accepted today?
No
It'll probably update in a day or two
I had the same issue, emailed the admission office and they updated the stautus
Just mail them about it and it will be updated in no time
Hey brother can you kindly tell me the total amount of Tution+Hostel fee that u had to pay in the first go? if you're not comfortable telling it here, then u can dm me... but please do give me a reply, cuz I really wanna know about this, as i'll be applying next year inshaAllah.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csi04b/msphd_interview_group/
Whatsapp group for interview discussion

https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSZJ5vEJChqHRq5fwg44hS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csh0pc/entry_test/
How much does your fsc/isc marks matter compared to entry test?
it does matter but its not *everything*. minimum 70% for fsc is eligibility criteria and getting good marks in SAT/Lcat and having a good profile and statement is what matters more. Zada marks would enhance ur profile but not guarantee admission

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csgk4v/consequences/
A student has been offered admission into LUMS. If he/she does not maintain a minimum of 70% in FSc, what are the consequences going to be, and what are decent ways to cope with them? If you know please shed light. Will be appreciated.
Consequence ye hoga kai aap lums nai ja payen gai
either take 70% or lums won’t keep u.
As stated in the conditional offer, a student who fails to maintain 70% in FSc\ICs, his conditional offer will be revoked.
Your acceptance would be revoked and ultimately be rejected.
tata byebye
what was ur 1st year peecentile?
does that matter?
just tell... I am in admission office
If they miss the 70 percent they can appeal to the admissions office who will tell you that no dakhila sorry. So consequence is dalhila nahi hoga

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csfulh/phd_admissions/
Hii, has anyone heard back from LUMS regarding PhD applications? 

I applied for SBASSE. The LGAT itself was good enough but I didnt do as well as I'd have liked on the science aptitude test. Anyone?
Nope not yet
did you also apply to sbasse?
Yup I applied in biology program

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csfkly/acceptances/
Any acceptances today??

Do the people getting acceptances today belong to grad or undergrad
Yes
when?
When?
Three acceptances for sdsb
undergrad?
Yes mine just came
What were creds?
Ur*
if yes please mention if MS!!!! y'all undergrads are killing us
I got an invite for interview that too on Monday, I believe all MS students have to appear for an interview before the final decision.
yes,thats true you can join the whatsapp group for tips and stuff if you like:
Yes please, do share the link. Thanks
Can you share link with me too
Can you share the link with me as well please
I got invited too for Monday
How did it go?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csff2b/iba_mock_test/
It is helpful, do join!!!! 
*Maqsad IBA Round II online mock test is LIVE NOW!* 🙌

Attempt now to see how well prepared you are: https://forms.gle/ko8YrH5mnid86S8h8

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csd3ia/are_all_interviews_done_or_not/
All those who got calls for interviews are you done or you still have to give it? I mean only after those interviews are done, we can see next batch of acceptances.
Who told you?
I think there's something we call common sense
Which you clearly don't have
I can judge by replies who got it or not
Yeah pussy
You made it even clear
There were some acceptances yesterday

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs5agd/rejection_after_interview/
What are tha chances of getting rejected after giving sse interview of lums
90 %
Really? Are the chances that high?
Yes
depends on how u gave interview.
What do you think of your interview?
I dont know it was 4-6 min long they asked me five questions i answered 4 correctly but they said my answers were complicated and they were laughing alot so i dont think it went that well
What questions did they ask?
Probability and python
Wait, really? Now I'm intrigued, what did they ask you about probability and python?
The probability of two people having same bday and then probability of three people not having bday on same day. Then asked about swaping values in python and how yo compare values of two arrays. I amsweres all correctly but they said that my answers were complicated
Oh wow, I certainly didn't think they'd ask technical questions in the interview, I thought it'd be more like getting to know about the student and stuff. Don't worry Insha Allah you'll get through!
wait..how do u find probabilty of 3 ppl not having bday on the same day

is the ans 33.34%
1st person has a 365/365 chance of being born on any day. 2nd person has 364/365 chance of not sharing a birthday with them. The 3rd person has 363/365 chance of not sharing a birthday with either of them.
Are you applying for undergrad?
Yes
Goodluck inshallah you'll get in
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs4l7s/what_surveys_is_lums_sending/
i’ve heard that lums is sending serveys? i received one in which it asked about how i got to know abt lums and all. are u guys talking about the same one??
yeah it’s the same one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs2tb9/interviews/
What are the chances to get accepted in SSE for BS in Computer science after an interview call
Depends on your interview
50%, rest depend on interview

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs10sd/interviews/
how is LUMS calling you ? the thing is that i dont usually pick calls from unknown number so i j wanted to ask you if theres a specific number they are calling from or smth ?
It says Lahore university of management sciences in urdu on their call 
tysmm
If you dont pick up or receive the call, youll probably get the invite through your email.
Keep checking that.
Make sure to check the spam folder as well
+92 51 7080238 Is this lums I missed a call today in the morning
nah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs0kaz/lums_sahsol_acceptance/
What are my chances of getting an acceptance, still havent gotten it?
Creds: 3A*s, 6As in olevel
1A and 2B in as
Didnt give sat and my lcat went okayish due to the maths section. Still have to give lat
Pretty similar stats
Also waiting for acceptance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cryctn/why_do_people_act_like_lums_is_harvard/
I know lums is a good university of pakistan. Maybe the best. But why tf people act like they will die if they don't get admission in here? It's not the end of life lil bro. There are many successful people who haven't been to LUMS. It's not a do or die situation. 

Lums won't magically make you successful. You will still have to do all the effort that you would do in any other university. 

If you don't get admission in lums there is nothing to worry about. After few years you won't even remember this. You'll realize that most of your suffering was only in imagination.

And this post is not for just lums. This is for every person who couldn't get admission in their desired university.
I think its all about the exposure and a great experience you get from lums which not any uni except NUST can give so you can say LUMS is the harvard of Pakistan . A lot people are aware that its not gonna give them 100% success probability , but it certainly can polish you further into becoming a certain someone and stand your grounds in professional life where you doesn’t feel like lost cuz of the push and supportive environment it gives you. I think its worth it, the effort and all 
And since there aren’t much institutes in Pakistan who can share common competitive ground with lums 
Kids would certainly die to get in lmao
Firstly, no sane person would say LUMS is HARVARD; they are in completely different leagues. It's just that people often classify LUMS as the Harvard of Pakistan. Even in the US, UK, or China, or where great institutions are located, people treat admission to their dream school as a do-or-die situation. So, for LUMS, it's totally understandable because students work really hard to be there. Their families have high expectations for them, and it's normal to get overwhelmed sometimes.

Not only LUMS, but no great institution in the world will hand you a successful career on a plate; you need to strive for it. A great institution merely provides you with an advantage and helps you achieve your goals. **REMEMBER: Attending a top school is a privilege, not a necessity.**

Not only LUMS, If you don't get into Harvard, MIT, or Stanford, it's not the end for you. **REMEMBER: College is what you make of it, not what it makes of you!**

So, it's entirely up to you. In the end, your abilities and accomplishments will matter much more than the brand of your college. Many people still fail even if they attend top schools.

What you learn and improve upon in college will stay with you for life—the friends you make, what you make of the opportunities given to you, and the overall exposure. It's a lifetime experience that will be remembered and will stay with you forever.

In the end, I hope you'll make it to where you belong :)
It is most DEFINITELY NOT.I am myself a graduate of University of Toronto, Canada.I have been to LUMS multiple times.It does not resemble any internationally ranked university either in terms of campus,student diversity,student drive for excellence or innovation.It is just a safe haven for mummy daddy kids to spend a lot of their parents’ money, act as douchebags by lording it over others that they went to LUMS and carry out morally questionable activities in the name of open culture and progressivism.
Boohoo. Fact of the matter is that you obviously can't compare Canada's best university to any university in Pakistan. It is equally important to note however that almost every kid who got into LUMS (especially in the last 2 years) could've easily gotten into Toronto as well, but not everybody can afford 80,000 CAD annually in international tuition.
BRO, YOU'RE RETARDED
You will definitely remember your university experience, even when you are 60.

LUMS is the most renowned university of Pakistan, and going to a top university helps greatly with future career prospects and further education. People like to console themselves with the disbelief that if they just work on their "skills", they can land high-paying jobs. While this is true to a certain extent, going to a university with better employer reputation is a blessing in current job market. So, yes, for people with a more serious attitude towards their future, going to a top university is a very big deal.
Yeah. Everyone should try to get into a good university. But ffs stop crying about it. So what if you got rejected? Nothing will change. It's the same world bruh. If you want to do something then kys if you don't get accepted. It's better than yapping.
Would you have the same attitude if there's death in your family? "Stop crying and yapping bruh, you can't change anything lol"

Not getting into a good university is a setback, and one is meant to feel some sadness over it. Maybe you are great at controlling your emotions, but that's not true for the vast majority of students who can't control how they feel. I don't mean to encourage obsessing over a rejection, but it is a little immature to just not care about others and shut them up if they feel like ranting. 

Also, excuse if I came off offensive - I was trying to make a point.
And it's also really IMMATURE to not be able to control your emotions like a well established person.
LOL you're compari a death with not getting into university. If a person feels the same level of sadness after not getting in a uni then that person needs some serious career counselling and therapy. 

If you think that you'll fail in your career by not getting selected to xyz university then respectfully, you're not good enough at the thing that you do.
Both, having a family member die and getting rejected from a university, are setbacks. Although, of different magnitude. The point is that people should and will feel some amount of sadness in their setbacks, and the other shouldn't just bash them for how they feel. 

Also, yes, not going to a top university is a failure towards your future career. There's a reason why graduate outcomes of some universities tend to be better than the others. 
Of course, one could make up for such a failure.
[removed]
I respect the sentiments of others that's why im saying this on reddit wrna logon ke samne unki bisti krna shuru krdeta. But i know it doesn't work like thay. Everyone has different mindset.
These kids boutta regret lums, shit is downgrading each year
I don't care but people related to me do
Relatable
As someone who applied to 20 US unis and got rejected (ahahahahahahahiamintears) let me tell you how Harvard, Princeton and every other university I applied to was so much more cooperative than LUMS.

Missed a deadline, emailed them, they said take it easy we'll handle it. Accidentally misreported financial aid information, emailed them, they said no worries, we'll fix it for you. There was leeway every step of the process. Some friends did not want to send their official SAT scores because of the College Board charges and emailed the university and they completely waived their requirement in exchange for the score-report pdf until after the admission. Despite getting magnitudes of applications above the quantity LUMS gets, and being the top universities in the world, simply understood and were super helpful. 

Now for LUMS, I needed to change the test registration which I had submitted with the application (why are the two combined anyway? having them separate makes more sense for this exact reason) and I asked both on the portal and by email. Waited a day and 3 respectively to get basically "nope can't do" responses. Note: the fees hadn't been paid yet and the change I requested should not have proven logistically challenging. If Harvey Mudd can do a portal reset on their end for me despite it taking a whole week, (btw had application fee waived for HMC too and applied with aid), I thought LUMS would be able to change a test registration for me, I find it difficult to believe people don't have actual emergencies on the test day itself. Anywho, I was at fault for not being informed of how their system works so, maybe it's on me. 

Btw why was the admission test in Punjab College Examination Halls for Lahore? Make it make sense that a university physically closer to me, the one I intend to apply to and intend to pay large sums of money to, would rather me go all the way to the other end of Lahore to appear for an exam which started 2 hours after the time I was supposed to be punctually present at, than just have me come to their own campus? You know what, maybe they can't accommodate all that many people at once, okay then how about the examination centre having basic cleanliness or maintenance. The building practically seemed abandoned. Entry was extremely slow, took 30 minutes to get from the entrance to inside. Oh hey, almost forgot about the musical chair arrangements instead of a standing queue for entrance registration desk? I had to appear for both the LCAT and the SAT (Scientific Aptitude Test)(Hey, I would probably call it something else to avoid conflict of abbreviations but whatever) which involved about 4 hours of just waiting around. Ykw maybe there were extraordinary circumstances for this so we'll let it slide too. 

I 'Asked Admissions' about whether there'd be some place to store belongings before the exam to get a "please refer to your admission ticket" or something to that effect, when in fact the ticket mentioned nothing about it and a simple yes/no would actually be sufficient.

I accepted a conditional acceptance offer and ever since the emails seem a little more polite and more helpful. The acceptance package definitely made me a little less annoyed and I'm gonna try to get some of the issues I faced fixed once classes start, no point complaining if I didn't, but all in all I think it's probably just the way you are treated which maybe makes applying students think that the institute is giving them a cold shoulder and therefore must be a big deal. 

Alhamdulilah for the acceptance and now I'm basically chilling but to the people still waiting for acceptances or ones who got rejected don't stress about it too much, things tend to not be black and white a lot of the time, there are other good institutes with their own set of pros and cons. Personally a cooperative administration is actually a huge prerequisite for a good university. While I can't say about LUMS as a whole just yet, the admissions team certainly was cold at times.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crxi1a/help/
Hey guys so ik everyone is getting their admissions and next year im gonna apply lums too. As i have seen ppl have chosen SSE over SDSB. My main question is does that mean the average students be able to get into SDSB who dont have strong acedemics? 
Hahahahaha brother average students don't get into lums , agay saal ao laga ga pata , baad main tum kaho ge agricultural department main bhi hojai chale ga .
Every school is competitive as fu**.
that agricultural department thing is so reallllllll
Yar if you want a confirmed admission atleast have 6A*s in olevels or 1500 plus sat. Iske baghair bhi hojata hai but it's not confirmed
Just because someone picks SSE over SDSB doesn't mean SDSB is for the average Joe! Both schools are super competitive, and you've gotta bring your A-game academically to stand a chance.
SSE
Confirm Admission: ~ 7As and 1500+ SAT,
Average credentials: ~ 5As and 1400 SAT.

SDSB 
Confirm Admission: ~ 6As and 1500+ SAT,
Average credentials: ~ 5As and 1350 SAT.
Zara HSS aur LAW ka bhi Bata dain
Comparatively low but unpredictable
okay i dont have the SAT score but meine lcat bhi dia tha, aesa kuch hota ke they prefer SAT over lcat?
Nope
No you need pretty good creds for Sdsb as well
you are absolutely r8 due to high applications rate att SSE its merit is very high in comparison to sdsb..Some normal credential students got into sdsb this year but not in SSE..But hardwork is must to get into sse or sdsb

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crw0qe/is_anyone_applying_to_the_lums_rise_2024/
Looking to connect with applicants of LUMS Rise Program.

P.S: if anyone got in last year, please share some tips!! ty
I'll be applying too for this program.
Can anyone tell me the criteria for this program like is this free of cost??
program's free but accomodation and food is to be covered by the applicant.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crvkmo/rejections/
Do rejections also come during this time or do they come towards the end. Moreover do they email you about it or you just have to keep on checking the portal daily? 
They'll email you.Dont know when they'll come in..
appreciate it thanks ☝🏻
No rejections come at the same proportion
oh alright thank you
My friend got rejected in April
What were his Creds?
1A*5A o levels
BBD A level
1100 SAT
ms or bs
Bs
for which feild? and did he give lcat also?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crttd4/can_anyone_dm_me_the_screenshot_acceptance_email/
Title^
No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crs8nc/acceptance/
Has anyone got accepted today?
no but survey zaroor aya LOL
Uska Kya karna😂
Inko sharam bhi nai ati acceptance k time Pai surveys ki email bhej rahay.
Banda Khush hojata aik second k liay
Everytime I get those surveys I feel like Okay I am rejected and now they are just asking me about my experience of that whole application process.😭😭😭😭
did u do it? 😭😭
Array I filled it the first time they sent it. This is the third time now and I am done😭😭
OHH OKAY not getting a decision atp is so annoying 😭😭😭 like NO I DONT WANNA DO UR SURVEY 😭😭
Maybe the real Acceptance was the friends we made along the way
Hanjee theek hogaya.
Apnay aap ko tasalli dene k liay acha hay
Thak gaya hun bhai😔
i got a frickin survey
Congrats 
10,000 others also got it tho
I didnt get a survey is it a bad sign?
did anyone fill that survey😭🙏🏼
Yes, someone jus posted it here

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crs2wx/survey_evilness_vs_acceptance_letter_wanting_to_j/
LUMS I CHERISH U SO MUCH but pls mein survey form 3 dafa bhar chuki hon JUST SEND THAT ACCEPTANCE LETTER I CANNOT LIVE IN THE DARK SHADOWS OF NO LUMS ACCEPTANCE LETTER ANYMORE 
IKR. They keep sending that poorly designed form again and again. Atleast correct the obvious logical mistakes in the form before sending them again.   
Question: Did you know about LUMS financial aid before applying applying? (mandatory)   
Answer: No  
Next Question: If yes then how did you come to know about it (MANDATORY).   
I didn't know about it, THERE IS NO OPTION FOR N/A.
I WAS JUST GONNA POST ABOUT THIS WHAT IS WRONG WITH THEM 😭 
Also your username 💀
love toji 4 life but no this no acceptance thing is killing me
Ikr same. Good luck! 😭
currently creating toji artwork
Please tell me wormy is a part of it too
yup it is, Im making the hardest toji painting ever, hope I drop it in time 😭
Well I'd love to see it when it's done!
Kasm se bhai 😭
US OMG I HATE WAITING ATP THIS IS UTTER TORTURE 😭😭🙏🏼🙏🏼
chill dude Harvard chali jana agr LUMS sy offer na ai to ez scene!!
harvard college road is so made for me
I swearrr..... bhej do yarrr

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1croqlj/any_whatsapp_group_to_guide_about_lums_ms/

Did you get the interview call today 
Yesterday
Following
Following

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crnuzp/interview/
I got call for interview. I applied for mphil edu. 
Any tips. 
Please 
Adhere to whatever you mentioned in ps
Did you give gre/lgat/nts gat?
LGAT 
And u?
I gave the same
Are you regular track or weekend
Regular
Same.
How was your lgat test?
I didn't prepare for it as much. 
Last night I did preparation for math only. 
English wala i was sure k thek hgya tha 
But had some doubts for math's portion. 
Wby
SAMEEEEEEEEE 
For me the time just kept running fast during the test
But best of luck for the interview!!!!! Do let us know how it went (since SOE is into student diversity, are you from Lahore?)
Sure. When is ur interview. Mera 22 hai. 
I am not from lahore. 
But i did my undergrad from lums
I haven't received any call yet
Did you receive email?
Oh i see what was your undergrad major?
I received a call. They said they'll send an email soon. 
Pol sci major
What's ur major and uni?
I got a call too. For 22nd may
Same date. What's ur time exactly. 
I applied for regular.
🕓
Check dm
Mphil edu executive program
Adhere to whatever you mentioned in ps
Did you give gre/lgat/nts gat?
LGAT 
And u?
I gave the same
Are you regular track or weekend
Regular
Same.
How was your lgat test?
I didn't prepare for it as much. 
Last night I did preparation for math only. 
English wala i was sure k thek hgya tha 
But had some doubts for math's portion. 
Wby
SAMEEEEEEEEE 
For me the time just kept running fast during the test
But best of luck for the interview!!!!! Do let us know how it went (since SOE is into student diversity, are you from Lahore?)
Sure. When is ur interview. Mera 22 hai. 
I am not from lahore. 
But i did my undergrad from lums
I haven't received any call yet
Did you receive email?
Oh i see what was your undergrad major?
I received a call. They said they'll send an email soon. 
Pol sci major
What's ur major and uni?
I got a call too. For 22nd may
Same date. What's ur time exactly. 
I applied for regular.
🕓
Check dm
Mphil edu executive program

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crm8py/lums_consultancy_group_and_other_societies/
I know that LUMS has a pretty selective consulting society which admits like under 15% of applicants. I want to ask when do applications for societies normally open and also how many societies do students normally apply to? Also, for the consulting society, are there any specific majors you need to have or is it open to anyone?
The applications generally open every year at the start of the fall semester. You will have a day during orientation week when all the societies will set up stalls. Go explore talk to them some also give free snacks. You can apply to as many societies as you want. I'm not too sure about the selection process of Lcg but I know they accept all majors. Majors don't matter as much in consulting you should just know consulting.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crjmmz/affordable_masters_options_in_case_of_rejection/
So I did not receive MS interview call which apparently LUMS has sent in bulk. I need some backup options for Masters abroad. Been a few years since I graduated so my knowledge of affordable Masters is not up to date. 

Affordable as in under 35 lac if it's in a blocked account (e.g German system) or under 25 lac total uni fee

I know some MS students get admitted without interview but I think they would've called me to verify a few things if I were to be selected
Prioritize US your master's will be funded by TAs or RAs plus you can also take a loan which is easy to pay back since you'll get a job as soon as you graduate ( in most cases). if you can't make it there then you can also consider China or Korea, it's very cheap and you'll also get funding depending, upon several factors like your GRE score or academic GPA etc.
Thanks
Where'd you hear that lums sent calls in bulk? On Reddit? I think it's true aswell 
most thesis based masters in USA and Canada are supposed to be free (i.e., your TA/RA should cover tuition and living expenses). However, competition is also high because you are competing with students from around the world. Best to contact professors in your desired research areas and apply to those programs where you receive a positive feedback. Your chances will be higher. Good luck

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr72uf/interview_whatsapp_group/
Hi guys...I made a group for those who got an interview call from LUMS. I have talked to other people who gave the interview and have gathered some content. We can help each other out by sharing the details we have and share the questions that were asked.(For bachelors)

[https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSuRI8kcNG7C5z4XW0jxCs](https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSuRI8kcNG7C5z4XW0jxCs)
Are there any tips for a CS interview, for some reason I’m not able to join the group

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr5fp0/considering_biotechnology/
I'm currently an A1 student who takes bio, chem and socio. According to the LUMS website requirements I think I need to take maths, physics or cs but I'm not entirely sure.  
Could someone confirm this and suggest what I should do regarding my subjects especially considering that A1 is about to end?   
  
I'd also appreciate if anyone knows any other good biotechnology programs in Lahore or Pakistan in general and could let me know?
Forget about lums. You can't apply without 3 credit subjects
The full credit A Level subjects for SBASSE are Biology, Chemistry, Computing, Computer Science, Mathematics, Further Mathematics, Information Technology and Physics.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr47zg/when_financial_aid_decisions_will_be_out_its/

Womp womp
🙂🙂
Subhan bhai chill kro
😭G...
It typically takes few weeks, they do thorough verification of all the documents and stuff so it takes some time.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr2c38/extension_of_deadline_to_pay_the_admission_fees/
is there any way to get an extension for LUMS' first fee challan? or will they not consider you if you dont pay the fee challan on time?

(asking for a friend)
I wrote a depressing and emotional story to extend the deadline of fee challan by a week and they did it
What's your deadline now
15th
boss move
How much fees do you have to submit ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr27je/mba_candidates_alumni_please_read_this_and_help/
So, long story short. I need to get into LUMS MBA, this is my only chance to get out of Karachi (i really really want for personal reasons). I have an interview next week and 7 days to prepare. 

Please share your interview experience with me, i am willing to prepare anything. 
So far, i have made a list of following things:

- Job related skills/ knowledge 
- My PS
- Economy/ Current affairs 
- Subject related knowledge (Finance)
- Why LUMS and why MBA? 
- How will i fund this?
- Anything about me apart from my CV
- My extracurriculars (society and volunteer experience)
- Why not a specialised degree i.e.  MS Finance/Eco? (Since i am in high finance job)
- Justification for my bad intermediate grades (i mentioned reason in my PS).


Anything else you wanna add? Please do. Allah aap sab kou ajar dey. Please help me out. This is my only chance.. i have convinced my family buht mushkil se for this.. please bump if you see this.
Bump
I have a friend in MBA-Lums
Gonna call him in a bit regarding the interview and all
And i will update you
In the meantime, take a look at this

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/successful-lums-mba-interview-experience-2016-talha-nur-omer
Thankyou. Please please do call him and let me know
when did you get the interview email?
Today. 3pm
I have given my interview today and would be happy to guide you.
Check your dm
Hi, can you please guide me as well?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr1dx4/my_speculation/
As for the past 2 weeks or so no report of acceptance. I suspect that the admission committee is going through all the applications and I feel like we will get a huge big batch of acceptances at once just like on 21st April and then small batches in the next few days with another big break in for June. What are your thoughts I am still waiting for my acceptance. 
Bulk acceptances aur rejections aye gi ab cause tareekh tou guzar gai hai fee pay karne ki
Nhi guzri sabki different hai kuch ki 15th may bhi hai
Ohh I thought the last date was 13th May
Kisi ki bhi 15th may nhi hei
Hai
Unho ne extend krwai hogi 
Wrna nhi heu
Hai bhai please  🙏 maanlou
Bhai aap ss share krdo
I was amongst the last ones to get accepted like on 30th of April my deadline was 10 may
Hai yaar please maanlou bhai please 🙏 😫😫
Khairyat hei apko??
Apni taraf se 15 bana di misguide kr rhe
Misguide nhi karraha yaar is community me kisi ne bola tha 15th tak hain logo ki. Khair lekin agar extend ke baad bhi 15th hoyi hou wo uske baad hi denge acceptances
mine too but I think its because of A2/inter exams maybe as the requirements/documents has to filled so theyll start sending after the majority exams are passed to avoid burden( maybe )
Yes probably!
when is result of A2 going to come?
Inshallah
There are different dates for undergrad and grad acceptances?
Why speculate?
Bulk acceptances aur rejections aye gi ab cause tareekh tou guzar gai hai fee pay karne ki
Nhi guzri sabki different hai kuch ki 15th may bhi hai
Ohh I thought the last date was 13th May
Kisi ki bhi 15th may nhi hei
Hai
Unho ne extend krwai hogi 
Wrna nhi heu
Hai bhai please  🙏 maanlou
Bhai aap ss share krdo
I was amongst the last ones to get accepted like on 30th of April my deadline was 10 may
Hai yaar please maanlou bhai please 🙏 😫😫
Khairyat hei apko??
Apni taraf se 15 bana di misguide kr rhe
Misguide nhi karraha yaar is community me kisi ne bola tha 15th tak hain logo ki. Khair lekin agar extend ke baad bhi 15th hoyi hou wo uske baad hi denge acceptances
mine too but I think its because of A2/inter exams maybe as the requirements/documents has to filled so theyll start sending after the majority exams are passed to avoid burden( maybe )
Yes probably!
when is result of A2 going to come?
Inshallah
There are different dates for undergrad and grad acceptances?
Why speculate?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqyuh3/anyone_here_applied_for_the_masters_in_business/
Please dm.
Yes i have applied
Did you get an interview call???
Not yet
Me neither
what school/university did you apply?
Sdsb what do you mean university?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqxti3/revised_offers/
When do that start coming??
Has anyone gotten one yet?
Bro......! Acceptances to puri aany do. Pehly hi revised offer ki yaad aa gai😬🤧🥲
in june july ig
What’s a revised offer
There's a chance u get a revised offer if a seat has opened up for you in ur first pref provided that ur credentials match w it.
[removed]
You don't need to apply, a revised offer could come automatically

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqwx7e/ms_cs_schedule/
guys, can anyone share MSCS class schedule with me for first year. I,ve to see if i can pursue it with full time job. TIA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqwkbx/guys_karachi_candidates_have_to_travel_to_lahore/
As the title says, i received an interview invite from LUMS and i have to travel to Lahore? That's absurd.
Yeap, I asked them if this could be done online, they said no, it’s in Person
Same..
Wtf actually?
Yep
Last yr it was online
Really? That's not fair. Admission de dein tou mein jaon.. yeh kia? I pay and travel itna dur that too by road (cuz poor) and what if they reject me? Lol
maybe request them to conduct it online. mention your location
I did, they outright rejected and said that interviews will be in person at LUMS
Dont worry, take it easy. Take is as a learning experience. Have fun, see new places, meet new people. Been there, done that long time ago.
That's exactly why i wanna get into LUMS. InshaAllah, i am very hopeful.
Great comment! Do consider what @creek_side_007 said, OP
Damn
interview for which field ??
It's online not in person
It's in person. I confirmed from admissions
that's surprising coz since the COVID undergrad interviews have been online
I am talking about my masters
oh ok
Is this for MBA? Do you have a place to stay in Lahore. If that's an issue. You can crash at mines. I recently graduated from LUMS too.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqw5bn/ms_business_and_policy/
I have heard from people that have applied for MS technology Management receiving the call for interviews.

IF ANYONE HAS APPLIED FOR THE MASTERS IN BUSINESS AND POLICY AND RECEIVED AN INTERVIEW CALL PLEASE LET ME KNOW.


Guys I think all the MS interview calls have been sent out so if you didn't get one...yikes
They take time, and the MS admission announcements role out till the end of june.
Then why is everyone getting interview calls since the past 3-4 days..seems like they are attending to the ones that have gotten in and once they are done they will roll out the rejections  by June
Is it true? I hope so
Why would you hope so?? Also it's just a guess but if you like an applicant your more likely to tend to them immediately that's how companies work anyway
I am hoping because i received an interview email.
You fg idiot stop being an absolute cxnt
All i can tell you rn is that dont be hopeless
Also, it is not necessary that they call you for the admission. If your credentials are good, they directly admit you.
I believe for the average credentials, they conduct the Interviews, to get a better idea of the person.
But till june, they do roll out the admission interviews.
Maybe your application is still under review
No interviews are mandatory for all masters applicants.In masters an interview basically is an acceptance.I don't know why anyone here doesn't know that.What you're referring to is the undergrad interview process where if you're not good enough they call you in to see what your about 

Have you applied well good luck
It's not an acceptance, they conduct interviews and kick out the candidates that they think are not fit for the programme, my friends are in masters and I've asked around yesterday and that's why they keep candidates on hold rather than just straight out rejecting them.
So what do think about all the interview calls being sent out at the same time...if someone doesn't get a call around that time what would that suggest..nothing good I'm assuming..
I got an interview call myself, all I'm trting to do is give you a reality check because being called for an interview does not guarantee an admission, I'm a LUMS graduate on a gap year after my degree and I applied for MBA when I was in my 7th semester and they rejected my application saying I needed work experience if I wanted to learn anything from MBA programme, and you'll get what I'm trying to say when you go for the interview, so prepare for it
I appreciate your insight and get what you mean.Thank you for sharing but all I'm asking rn is if you think the timeline has any importance.

If everyone from all the MS programmes are receiving their interview calls and someone isn't (me) that would be a bad sign.

I'm not sure if they make interview calls at the end of May June or July.I BELIEVE they will send the rejections by then not the interview calls.Whatt do you think?
Look they basically conduct interviews for all the programmes and there is a set number of seats each year, with IBA if someone does not clear the interview they don't pick students from below the cutoff score or bump students up if someone does not pay the fee, with LUMS it's different, they will kick alot of the people appearing for the interview and then send out more interview calls and the process continues everytime someone drops out or doesn't pay the fee or does not do good in the interview, they basically want a whole package rather than your creds and alot of people fluke the interview because of the pressure of it. So don't lose hope, apply for IBA round 2 and LSE to stay on the safe side and have some backup options.
Are all MS departments sending out interview emails to applicants? I applied in SOE. Any news about it?
yes,from what i know everyone seems to be receiving emails and calls today,hopefully the rest of the applicants will  get their calls in the coming few days
I hope so too. Best of fates to everyone!
Hey in which track of soe did you apply? regular or weekend?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cquyzc/guys_i_need_help_i_got_calles_for_interview/
So, i applied for masters in supply chain and today i got this email for In-person interview on 23rd may.
I live in Islamabad and i have to travel to Lahore for this
Is there anyway we can ask them to make it online?
PLS PLS HELP
Interviews are meant to assess the candidate in a different light, so it can't be done online whatsoever, to check
Whether you align with the PS you Provided or not that will be clear when you will be interviewed.
Thanksss
That makes a lot of sense
I live in lahore but I still got an online interview. Maybe try emailing them about your situation because they definitely can hold them online.
You applied for ms/mba?
Please let us know how the portal is updated once you are called for an interview
Will surely update
Update: I replied them asking if this could be done online, they said no
It’s in Person
SAME THEY SAID I WILL HAVE TO TRAVEL FROM KARACHI TO LAHORE WTF
ISTG, I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY
THIS IS MAKING ME WORRY EVEN THO I HAVENT EVEN GOTTEN MY ADMISSION BUT DONT WE ALL HAVE CIES??
I GUESS IT WILL BE DIFFERENT FOR UNDERGRADS BUT WTF THIS IS SO UNFAIR
that’s insane don’t they realise that majority of the applicants are currently appearing for their A2 caies how are they asking you to travel to lahore from islamabad ? didn’t you try reasoning with them and telling them about caies
He's a masters applicant not undergraduate
ohhh alright
i completely misread it i hope they’re not doing the same for undergrads
Yeah dont think they will do the same
Applied for the same program. Interview on 27th. Asked them If it can be online since I am in a similar situation but they said No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqu12m/lse_whatsapp_group/
Sorry it is not related to lums.
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LJYzozNLfOg6klFajdQCyx
I just created a whatsapp group for all those who are applying for LSE this year.... Here you can share all your queries and help each other.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqsiy0/update_on_acceptances/
When will the next batch be released has anyone received acceptance today or yesterday?
did anyone receive them? I'm still waiting

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqs22p/mphil_applicants/
Hey, has any Mphil candidate been approached for interview or admission process yet? For SOE specifically?
I applied for MS and just received an email for interview. Has anyone received any update?
That's good. Best of luck for your interview. I've applied too but haven't received anything yet.
Same, one question tho
Is it online or in person?
In person.
can i ask what major?
MS HMI

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqjezm/ms_tme_sdsb_lums/
Hey! I'm an aspirant for the ms technology management and entrepreneurship program at lums. I was wondering how competitive is it to get into the program. Would a 3.1 cgpa and 65 on gat exam do? Also, when can one expect to be called in for the interview? 

Looking forward to hearing from people who have applied for ms at sdsb and those who are particularly interested in or pursuing ms tme.
Following
I just received an email for interview I have applied for MS HMI.
Cool, I got it as well.
Best of luck
Hey did you get an interview for TME or HMI?
I had first division in my bachelors, and 69 on Gat.
How did you check gat results

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqajrm/interviews/
I got an interview call day before yesterday. What makes LUMS want to interview someone. Is it a good sign or a bad sign.
It means you are being considered
But most get in without the need of an interview
Those are clear cut cases
So it's a bad sign 😭
It means that your a good candidate and they are considering you.
They probably needs to confirm something about, so if the interviews goes well then you are in
Is it usually when they have suspicions or problems with some of my ECs?
Not really, they are just not confirm whether they should give admission or not, in short they just want to get some answers that will allow them to differentiate you from other applicants
everyone who is telling its for financial aid is wrong bcz financial aid interview takes place after selection ,secondly this interview will be for SSE and science related questions will be asked there
The call you when your SSE test goes exceptionally well but your grades aren't up to mark, that's what the former Dean of SSE said in a podcast.
which school?
SSE
[deleted]
I read that somewhere else as well but the thing is that I did not apply for financial aid
when is your interview? and at what time?
If you applied for financial aid it might be related to that..

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq9ac2/accepted/
How and where do i send the Olevel equivalence to lums? 
Sent an email to them with my tracking ID and document attached and got a weird bot response
Did you get accepted today?
In april
That is enough

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq91cr/choosing_a_degree/
okay so i got into lums in the first batch in mghss eco stream but my first pref was sdsb acf. i wasn't rlly happy on eco but I paid my fees bc its lums. i am hoping for a revised offer. should I apply into iba too? or just focus on mdcat as I am a pre med student
What was your sat
1350
Full credentials?
No harm in applying
Whats the point of giving mdcat if youve already paid the fee cuz the test is gonna happen in September and ur probably going to miss ur oweek and first days at LUMS.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq7xpg/unilever_internship/
A bit unrelated to admissions but I'm currently in junior year and I applied for the Unilever internship in March. Qualified for online assessment, qualified for digital interview. 

However, for the last stage, i.e the technical interview, there has been no update as of yet and I've heard they delay that process for a bit.

Has anyone recieved any progress regarding the matter or is aware about when they usually release the technical test?
Hi unrelated but as i searched for uniliver internships previously high school graduates aren't eligbal for them right!
Nope, only 3rd years and 4th years in uni!
Yeah ppl who were selected are already notified.
for the technical stage?
Boycott
(Sorry but I HAD to say this rest is yours to decide)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq424h/interview/
Do all people get an interview call for SSE or just a few? And on what basis?

&amp;#x200B;
Not all but those who couldn't make the cut but their SSAT went exceptionally well and the interview is most likely about your major subjects
is there any more info on this? could you send the source

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq246w/mba_interview/
Any MBA candidates received call/ email for an interview on 10th May?? 
I received an email on 13th. Should we create a group to share experiences?
when is/was your interview? In-person or online? You from Lahore or outside?
Mine was in person. I'm from lahore n it was on 21st. Do u have one as well?
yes, day after tomorrow. How'd you interview go? what do they ask?
Sounds good. Good luck. They basically start from your intro. Some country economy related questions some book related questions atleast that's what they asked me
[deleted]
I think just review your resume thoroughly and make sure your intro is as per your resume. Secondly remember speaker governor names. You will be asked about economy n book reading. Be honest n only try to address the questions you think you are sure about
Got email today for EMBA
Nah, did you get one?
No, someone who applied with GAT did.
hellloo op did you get one?????
No. But someone who applied with GAT did.
Sai tension hori hai. Any idea when they started rolling out these emails/calls for interview?
People are receiving emails😭
10th May se shuru hui hain as far as i know
Yes I have received the email
Are you from Lahore? Did you apply through LGAT or GAT/GRE/GMAT?
Also, check you dm please.
Yes I'm from Lahore. I sent my GRE scores but I took the LGAT too just to be on the safe side.
when is/was your interview?
Someone who applied for MS technology Management did aswell I feel awful now
Any one got interview call / mail for Exec MBA ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpyjmp/interview/
Is the interview in English or Urdu? what language do the interviewers speak in? what should I speak like does it matter which language you speak in the interview?
It's going to be in pashto
Klingon
Knowing pakistan, they think english is the superior language so stick with english unless you arent confident in it but bet they prefer english
finesse ur way thru thy interview
Just answer in language they ask question, if they ask in English, reply in English and if in urdu then reply in urdu
Blend both and use your dominant language to get the point across.
Kangi
Did u get a call after giving LGAT?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cptmfd/how_many_students_get_in_but_do_not_meet/
I am giving A level Composite and was not really nervous as the requirement is 2B and 1C. I performed generally well in As Level but shifted my focus to ECAs and uni applications, now I was chill but recently seeing a lot of people who doesn’t meet requirement.
Like how many does not meet it? And what is their past grades and internals and stuff because I see threshold for A level is very low like (150/260 for a B in Chem) so how hard checking can be if you are scoring nearly B in internals (bcz school B is on 80% while Cambridge on 45-50%).
Just getting nervous now so hard.
Bro i dont think they let you in unless you meet the requirements.

Cuz the acceptance you get is a conditional offer and the condition is to meet BBC, so for those who dont meet in august, their seats are given to people who have been waitlisted and do meet the requirements
Although afaik the BBC is the avg requirement so you can get AAD or A*BD and you'll get in as your avg meets the requirement of BBC
No brother , it is rumour that A* A * D will get you in . Even if you scored A*A* D you will not be given seat
The selected grades are are above or BBC 
Like A* A* A* ,
A* A* A,
A* A  A,
A A A,
A* B A,
A* B B,
A* B C,
A B C,
A A B,
A A C,
B B B,
BBA,
BBC,
BAC
bro the conditional offer clearly states that it should be an AVERAGE of 2B &amp; 1C. so even AAE works
How do you average grades to BBC (how does AAE turns into BBC or above )
I would like to know the conversion .
List hai google it A* A*. E will get u in baki bss avg honi chahiye 70% across all 3 subs
E lene pr ur admission will be revoked, clearly stated in the conditional offer. Anything above E and overall equal to 70% will do.
dm me for list of all accepted grades combinations
A A E doesnt work, even though the conditional offer states the avg should be B, B and C it also states that u can’t have an E in any subject. So A, A, D will work but no Es.
idk about u bro but my offer clearly states that AL grades can be nothing less than E. so it can be E and AAE works
ik a person who got in with A A D, anything is possible meri jaan dont assume stuff

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cptbnh/law_school/
Im currently giving my As levels and plan on applying to lums law school. What are the requirements? And how much SAT and LAT score is needed as from 2024 onwards LAT is compulsory in order to pursue law
Help
Help
Help
Depends on your o levels grades as well.
If they are good then you have good chance if you get 1300 or higher in SAT
I have 3As 4Bs and a C
You gotta have a good SAT score with these grades.
Like 1400 or something
retake the c in o levels aim for 1600 sat anything 1400 and above will get you in, start sat prep with youtube videos and prepare seriously then see what your score is and then take any paid course/ tution to get the higher band usually good students would score 1300 with serious youtube and khan academy prep... there are tricks etc try to get very good grades in as
by 1400 i mean its almost confirmed admission, you can still get in with other scores

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpowps/query/
i have seen mostly people from sse being called for interviews. has anyone from sdsb or any other school received an interview invite?
my brother who goes to sse said that they call ppl who did badly in ssat so it makes sense why other schools didn't get calls

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpospw/have_direct_admissions_really_ended_for_sse/
I've seen some posts saying how people are getting interviewed now only because direct admissions have ended and people are only being interviewed to replace the accepted candidates who haven't payed the fee and their deadline has passed.

is this legit or are people just assuming that? 

cuz why would they say acceptances april-june if theyve already been given out in half a month of april

(p.s. pls dont be mean i will cry)
I think it’s just made up.. the acceptances are probably not coming bcz of A level and Inter Exams.. have patience.. In Sha Allah✨
thanks man, that helped calm down the midnight overthinking
inshallah inshallah
Bro last year my friends got direct admission towards the end of july and one of them had a very decent SAT score of 1430. Aisa kuch nai he kay bas khatam ho gaya
lpve you hogya
Nope, everything is randomized dont worry
i had the same confusion, thank you for asking this question. reading the comment section made me feel better 😞
Please don't make stupid assumptions, there are going to be many acceptance till the end of July. So keep hope alive
Jeo sir
I don’t know what they are doing now but back in 2019 , they would take interviews around this time for NOP /financial aid people
was it april to july uss waqt bhee?
nops ka interview summer break me hota ha
i didnt apply through nop but did tick the FA checkbox
Not just Half a month but just in 3 DAYS😬
Exactly

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpibtq/lcat_vs_sat/
For context, im really bad at math, farily good at english. Im an O/A levels student, which one would be better for a person bad at math?
For me personally...I gave Sat and LCAT both.....and I found LCAT's math far more easier and doable...same goes for English section 
Math is easy in SAT compared to LCAT, also like 70% of the questions are done using that desmos calculator in the built in testing app of the SAT
LCAT math was easy and English was almost the same as on SAT. I just prepped from Khan academy's DSAT and some other YouTube playlists.Though SAT has an edge due it's worldwide acceptance.
Do sat atleast you will know how much you scored
dont know about lcat but sat math is okay like wihtout studying you can get 650 by just watching youtube courses

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpfryq/getting_in/
Is it possible to get into lums law school with 1Astar 2As 4bs and 1 C in olevels 
3Bs in alevels (Law English language and urdu)
1A in As level environmental management 

I will give Lcat and if i get a good score do i have chances?

(Decent ecas)


If you are applying next year then I would suggest to give SAT as you will have multiple attempts if you mess up any, and if you can score 1350+ in SAT then you will have like almost confirm admission
I am reallly bad at sat math i cant do it thats why i was thinking of going with lcat i find myself doing alot better in that
Is lcat math easier than SAT?
Math is easier in SAT and English is easier in LCAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpfax7/any_update_on_acceptance/
Did anyone received their acceptance today or yesterday? I heard lums is going to start sending acceptances soon
Weren't people getting interview calls and stuff?
How do you know that?
The deadline to pay the fee was 8th may so applicants who haven’t paid their fees their seats will IA will be given to us
Some has deadline till 15th May so ig we will see acceptances after that
A fren applied to humanities school they have 5A\*s and 1 A with 1030 SAT do they hv chance of getting in?
I think theres a low chance of him getting admitted as i have 3A* and 6As and a B and have 4 solid internship certificates and other extracurricular activities and i still haven’t received mine My sat score was 1220
he has also done 5 solid internships aswell also he made his own ngo
btw which school did u apply to
but like isnt lums's requiremnt min 8bs so dont the olevel gardes and ecs cover fot the 1030 SAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpf763/lums_spring_semester/
Does Lums has a spring semester or something, I was planning on going abroad and everything was done but due to some last min personal problems I can't go now, I am thinking of applying to fast,nust and Iba too but still if someone knows anything plz help a soul out
LUMS conducts admissions annually for the fall semester only. If you missed applying for fall 2024, your next chance is fall 2025.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coznx3/how_to_sneak_into_lums_as_outsider/
I want to visit Lums so tell me a way to enter..I don't have any friends in Lums. Also if there is an event happening in upcoming days then do let me know as well.
I was enrolled in a legit course there, yet they did not allow me and my friends(Female included) before class timings.  
Check the site, they have ces program running that last about a month or so. Great exposure!
if it's free then fine otherwise "Albata ma zahir nai krta lkin paison ki ajkl bhot shortage ha"
hahaha gotcha mate. Lums ne meri b jaib khaali karwa k bheja tha, can't argue. Anyways, good luck!
yeah wahan ke gaurds ki ajeeb ego similar thing happened to me at an event
Any current student can help you enter as a visitor
😢
If u had asked earlier, i could have helped since i was there but left for home so cant

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coz71k/will_i_get_into_my_second_preference_if_they/
ive applied to sbasse for electircal engineering with second and third major options as CS and Physics, as second preference of school ive applied to sdsb for Management sciences major, will i get into sdsb if i dont make it into sbasse, and if so is there a chance i could later on tranfer into sbasse by maintaining a high cgpa?
yes, thats why its a second preference. my first preference was sse and i got into my second preference hss. transferring is possible but bohot khawari hai and its not guaranteed. vvv few seats and chances for transfers to cs. physics ka easy scene
Wb a transfer from Econ to Electrical engineering
considerably easier than a transfer to cs

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coy22m/fee_structure/
Anybody knows Lse fee structure 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1covqnr/sdsb_interviews/
Did any SDSB candidate get called for interview or is it just a sse thing?
selective students regardless of the school get interview calls.
good ones confusion causing or bad ones?
but there haven't been any interview calls for any other school
No mostly SSE students

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cotkry/lums_goodies/
I think lums is supposed so send some stuff after the acceptance you know sticker , badge , pen etc. All my fellows have got them lekin mjhe nhi mila . Should I write to them?
yara idher lums admission nhi de rha tujhe sticker aur pen ki pari hui hai
Jbh😂
that thing is important because it isn't only goodies it also has some documents which u have to sign and upload in ur portal. sticker is important too
Aik din mai bhi ye post karunga.
Aajaye gi bro sabr rakho
[deleted]
Bhai jb jane ke $ hi na ho to kesa spoilt brat.
Check address
You usually get them in 2-3 days. I didn’t and lums emailed me later that my parcel was sent back because of invalid address. They asked for my address and number again and sent it again. I got it a few days ago phir.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cosco8/torturing/
Lums walay Bhool to nai gaye k aur bhi log umeed laga k bethay Hain acceptance ki?
At the same time Alevels k papers bhi dene hai ☹️
://
Bhai ookat yahan tak aa gaie hy kh ab jo chor kr jain gay unki jagah admit karain gay.😢
Kher hay
Ajayegi acceptance IA
this is gen1 torturing. they should set a specific date to upload all the decisions
Zindagi kharab hogayi hay genuine
I swear this anxiety will kill me
it’s so annoying smh
I so wish wou ek hi baar mein bata detay. Aese july tak latka k rakhne ka kya concept banta hai.
Inko ye Kon samghaye
I went thru the same process back in early 2000's for Lums. My roll num was late 100's and only 400 ppl were admitted back then.
Amongst my friends circle I was the last to get an acceptance.

Chill maro. Jo hona hai hoye ga. Welcome to your adult world's first decission that isn't made by your parents hahhaha or not really in your control.

Good luck everyone! Focus on A levels. A Levels warh gaye to aur bad scene.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cor21l/fee_submission_deadline/
im reading that alot of the people that got accepted before 29Apr are having to pay some sort of fees before 10th May?? what is this about im really confused i haven’t received an admission but i’m really hopeful but i’m also waiting on another scholarship acceptance but theres no chance that it comes around before mid June.. how much is lums asking as this fee submission and what are the terms??
i was under the impression that the deadline to pay semester fees n hostel fees after your conditional offer is late july or august 
You can still get a 100% tuition fee refund and the security and hostel fees before the start of classes. Only the admiasion fee is non refundable
okayy that’s reassuring, thanksss
I have the fee refund policy if you need that
They’ll give you the conditional offer along with the fee challan for the first semester (including admission fees security etc) you can only accept your conditional offer once you’ve paid that. I guess they give you around 10-15 days for that.
😬😬so its pay within 10-15 days and give up any other acceptances youre waiting on or lose your admission
Yeah you have that time to pay the fees and if you don’t the offer gets revoked I think it was like more than 15 days tho
okay, thank u sm
🫡🫡

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coonen/anyone_got_rejected_form_sahsol/

I guess no rejection for any school so far

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coobkb/acceptances_after_29th_april/
Did anyone get accepted after 29th April? Lums hasn't sent any more batches as far as I know and thr anxiety is really building up
"they come till July 31st" in case you've not heard that enough times 🤡🤡
Butt saab stop being butt hurt
No
they sent interview emails tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coob1m/sahsol/
Have more ppl got in
the sahsol Wells seem dry haven't seen many acceptances still waiting on mine all my friends who've applied for other schools have gotten thier acceptances still waiting for sahsol to respond
hi i am bhai jahanzaib 👋🏻
Womp womp
Same😭
I'm getting extremely disheartened because my creds weren't that bad... idk of it's cause of LCAT. I hope there are still seats left in SAHSOL....I've been waiting eagerly 
What we're ur creds 
I got 5A 2A* B in o levels 
1310 sat
Got 2A*, 3A , 4Bs( math and sciences) olevels
 Gave LCAT 
 Alevels: law, business and sociology (transcript had all A*s in internals) 
I still hv to give LAT 
7-8 volunteerships  and good ps and ecas
I have given my lat got a 67 ig don't remember from sciences background all A in internal still doing phy math bio in A levels
I hope we get acceptances real soon IA
Where else did u apply for law in Pakistan? I'm really struggling to find good backup option and I'm really relying on lums rn
Haven't applied anywhere its all or none on lums right now there are rlly not great options left if someone wants to practice in pak as the external programmes don't make u eligible to practice here
Honestly facing the same issue..it's lums or nothing at the moment...I've got acceptances from good UK unis but their deadline to answer is by 16th May and I don't wanna go abroad ....so I'll be losing those unis as an option too if lums doesn't reply
Hope we get our decision rlly rlly soon qk iskay bad to the only places left are punjab University or some local law colleges both with no social lives no event or anything
IA iA iA we get into lums soon coz really don't wanna go to any other uni
Saw a SAHSOL acceptance gc and there were only 12 members so ig kafi thordi acceptance ae hain so far
Yeah nazar to bohut kam arahi hain haven't seen many ig the seats are  less is leyay but baki saray schools ki to ai ja rahi idk wot they are doing bhai dates honi chahiyay release ki ya batches ki ye to cies k sath dusra depression de rahay
Actually majority ne LAT he ni dia ha, delay ho ho kr june main ho gya ha test, phr koi month baad result ae ga, ig uss ka baad he majority acceptances nzr ain ge and yeah there are only like 80 seats in SAHSOL
Jinho ne lat diya unko to le lein 😔😔 gave my lat in jan ig
Just forget about it for now agr ho gya to well and good otherwise look for other options
Can't go everywhere throwing money away plus koi aur options bhi nahi achay I've heard good things about lahore school of law aur punjab University ka law program bhi I've heard is good dono me majority judiciary k log perhatay ya perhay ya thier children go there
I would still suggest to keep backups
Ppl hv gotten acceptances on lat conditional.... they haven't given lat aye unko pehle hi offer mil gaye
Pls go check their credentials, as lums is pretty sure that they will pass LAT
Is wave me ai acceptance ? Coz meri to abhi tak nahi tak zara ab dimag kharab kerne lag gai lums walay qk maine apne kam sat aur grades walo ki dekh li hoi ab to
SAHSOL acceptances usually comes late
Womp womp
womp womp
I got my acceptance in the first wave.
You will get yours soon I.A

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1comthd/if_people_are_getting_interviews_already/
Does this mean that acceptances are done and there won't be anymore? I'm extremely paranoid about it right now
The people who have not recieved acceptances are getting called for interviews. Not the one's who have been accepted
Nah I already know that.im asking whether there will be more acceptances happening through the portal, or is it only going to be interviews now

I haven't gotten an acceptance through the portal nor a call so I'm really worried
Acceptances go on till 31st July
I hate to be that guy, but I will give you a reality check: You were clearly not among the strongest group of applicants, and your chances are low. It seems that LUMS has already moved on from direct admissions and is now interviewing candidates, whom they want to know more about.

However, interview invites have just started to come and LUMS will interview many more candidates. Also, LUMS might just place you on waitlist.
I got straight A*s in o level, As in A level and haven't gotten an acceptance yet. How much stronger can one be as a candidate?
As said, LUMS will offer interviews to many more candidates. Interview invites don't necessarily mean you are a weaker candidate compared to the people who got direct admissions; it just means that the AO wants to know more about you. Maybe the AO has some concern over an activity you reported, or your PS doesn't relate to your desired major.

For a fact, if you have straight A\*s and a decent SAT score, you are guaranteed an admission.
Probably right. A reality check is always good to hear. Hopefully I get a call, or maybe a direct admission in June. Idk. You get an admission or nah?
doesn't work like that
Please tell how it works then.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1comsil/interviews/
Im seeing quite a few posts about people being called by LUMS for interviews? The last i knew, LUMS didnt do interviews for undergrad programs. So are these calls for undergrads too?
they interview undergrads but not all students get interview calls you may or may not be asked for an interview.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1colq0j/interview/
I got an interview call from Lums and I am so bad at giving interviews. I know I am gonna mess up. Can someone guide me please ky kia puchen gy and stuff.
Interview for the masters or bachelors program?
BS
Oh okay best of luck!
they will ask 

1. why lums?

2. why this specific major/school?

3. what inspires you?

4. what have you learned from ur ECS/ eleaborate on your ECs

etc
I thought they ask you stuff related to the major youre chosing 

Like stuff abt physics math and etc if going for sse
If you dont mind can you share your creds
Bro when did you receive this interview call letter?
i received the mail today
did you apply for sbasse? and did you give the lums science test?
yes, i gave the scientific aptitude test.
How was the test 
Can you provide your credits kindly
Apart from the questions others have mentioned my sister who did her MBA from lums, was asked about her views on the international political landscape (I don't remember the question but) she had to answer it with "physical colonialism has been replaced with economic colonialism," something of this sort.
Just be honest , it’s interview not a viva
For which program??
SSE
What’s was your sat and olevels
It'll go around the lines of:


Introduce yourself.

Why LUMS?

Why this major?

Questions about your main subjects from your curriculum.

And your ECS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cojw0w/interview/
I got an interview call from LUMS. I applied in the SSE school. Does giving interview lower your chances of acceptance?
Just try to give your best and stick to whatever you said in your PS like maybe they want to check if you are what you wrote and presented yourself as
Just be authentic
did you get an email? what are ur creds?
Yes got an email. I have 6 A stars and 3 As in olevels 2A stars and 2 A in A level Transcrpit, 1460 SAT score
What about your ECs? Wonder why you got called for an interview
pretty great actually. published a research paper on mathieus equation, won bronze in American Math Olympiad and competed in Global finals singapore. Enrolled in Hong Kong UNiversity engineering programmon 100 percent scholarship. plus co director of ngo, and math prez of school coucil
I genuinely cant comprehend them calling you for an interview.
Tbvh
How did your science school test go?
Pathetic bohat ganda😭
My bro who's in lums told me jinka ssat bura hota hai but grades ache hote han they call them so ig that's why they called u
might be bcz of ur lums test then
How did your Scientific Aptitude Test go? because I feel like unn ka interview ly rhy jis ka scientific aptitude test acha nahi hua tha?
it went pathetic. did not go well at all. maybe islie leh rehe waise
Hey, Did you get call after acceptance? Or you are waiting for decision of Admission rn?
Didn't get my decision abhi tak
When is your interview and at what time?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cojc7d/help/
I got into LUMS and submitted my financial aid application on 27 April. I have not received any kind of email or call from them and some students are receiving 3 calls in a week!!. Even someone who submitted after 27 April has also received call. So, does not receiving any email or call mean they are not considering my application?? 
NO lol if you have sent your FA application it will definitely be considered
I mean is there any chance they would reject without contacting?
If you were eligible for aid, it would be given depending on your ability to pay for tuition.
So they would give FA without even contacting?
did they give you admission without contacting? 😭  
brother obviously they'll get you informed about the FA
Obviously they will inform me about FA results but it can be negative. I was just thinking that the students who are getting calls might have positive chances....

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coiwrd/conditional_offer/
If i meet the minimum requirements for BCC for my ACF program but also have a D or an E in my overall marksheet, will that make any difference?
No, only three best grades are used
Got in?
min requirement is BBC

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cog46r/do_students_also_get_acceptances_in_august/
Students who weren’t able to able to meet the condition grades for lums do lums give their seats to the next best applicant?
yes
yes and students who get these seats are waitlisted ( not rejected )

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coftym/fbise_students/
Is there anyone who is planning to give second annual instead of first? In 2nd year…
Plus.. 
 those who give second annual, their results would be late ofcourse.. So will it affect their decision or sthg???
Or if someone improves in their second annual and then give them the result?
Bro all the dates for fall intake would be gone by the time you would be appearing for 2nd annual. However, if your taking the exams for improvement then it depends on the university whether they take it or not because merit lists are announced after the result of 1st annual
Umm and like should the %age be overall 70% or in every subject?
Overall it should be atleast 70% and the passing criteria is 40% for each subject

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cobcke/any_ms_acceptanceinterview_call_yet/
Been two weeks since LGAT. Ab tak kisi ko interview call nai ayi? 
Not yet :)
Okay so I checked the LUMS site and it says the Admission decisions will be announced on 30th July, I know LUMS treats all the applications as a case rather than judging people on their academics and test scores alone, so I think the interviews will be conducted at a later date, probably late june ig.
Please bump in if anyone receives an interview call.
Saw some posts here saying interview calls are coming in
Many are inferring that they sent the mails to MS candidates all at once.
what school did you apply for ? mine was sbasse (maths)
yes but someone got a call the day after so that means the calls were NOT all sent on one day
I received interview call through Email.
10 June 8:30 Am.
MS Healthcare Management &amp; Innovation.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1co735m/a2_exams_hurting_my_conditional_offer/
I got into SBASSE. everything is okay apart from current A2 exams. I got 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS LEVEL. My grades  bio (a), Physics (a), Maths (b), Chem (b)

Bio:  P1(A), P2 (B) (got precited grade cuz of 9th may protests) &amp; P3 (C). I'm expecting P4 (C) &amp; P5 (B) 

Physics,: P1 B, P2 A, P3 B. I'm expecting P4 (B), &amp; P5 (C)

Chem: P1 A, P2 C (got predicted cuz of 9th may protests &amp; P3 C. Expecting P4 (C ya D) &amp; P5 (B)

Maths: P1 (B), P4(B). I'm expecting a P3(B) &amp; P5 (C) 

Idk how my overall ALEVEL result will look like. Will it still meet lums avg BBC requirment . Please anyone here guide me using their expertise. Thanks. 




How’d you get a b in chem if you got Cs in all three components
Ong wtf feels like i got robbed looking at this😐😐😐Mashaallah tho fair play to him
Insha’Allah you will meet the criteria hopefully .
bro what was your SAT score?
1410
i think u will meet thr criteria as u have 4 subjects and alr 2 aAs. even if u mess up ur a2 grades ur avg will be BBC insha allah
if i get AAD will it meet the conditional offer or no?
its the avg of BBC like anything that makes 60% or does it have to be BBC?
anything that makes 60%
u have an edge with 4 subjects even if u mess up 2 of ur grades u will meet the requirement
chem could be a C, maths prolly a B, physics a B, bio B so you would still meet the req. imo
howd u get a b in chem after 3 C's 😭?? I got a b after 3 bs lol. Anyways my p4 went so bad I'm expecting an e or d if I'm optimistic. I haven't got an admission yet but i don't think I'll get in even if i do
I had a A in P1. Typing mistake
Bro I am thinking same thing but how bad can it be? see all previous years thresholds and even if you score 45-50/100 you get C…. In chem p4.     But I am giving composite so don’t know about a level grading…

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1co4v1v/decision_question/
If you get rejected from lums, do you still get an email? 
not sure about an email, but your portal is updated
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnzrq0/is_the_deposit_refundable/
is the secuirty deposit for lums admission refundable in the off chance that you cant maintain the A2 minimum grades and they decide to revoke the offer?
yes but not sure about admission fee (the 150k or something) u’ll have to email or check on their website
but the admission fee is only paid after the caie results right? so its after youre in the clear
nope, check your fee voucher. it’ll have the following: security fee (one time), admission fee (one time), tution fee (according to 18 credit hours), sse lab fee (if ur from sse). you pay all of this a week or two after u receive your admission
and if i get rejected cuz of bad grades later on, then its a loss of all the money u put in? thats scary
welcome to lums. however i would suggest you to email them, wait for someone to reply here, or check their website to confirm. alhumdulillah did not have to go through this so cannot say for sure, just my speculation
if u don’t meet their bbc requirement then all fees other than 50% of admission fees will be refunded. So you will lose around 75k plus the application and LCAT charges and if u want to apply again next year than appear again in oct nov for caie to meet their req and pay the application charges again.
thats tough

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnt80u/portal/
What changes do you see on the portal once you get accepted?
And is it always the portal first and email second?
Next to the application status tab there will be an admission status tab. That tab will contain the acceptance information.
the tab will appear on acceptance?
For me the email and portal updated roughly at the same time but I got to know through email first.
When you get accepted the portal will show an admission status tab which will have info abt things you need to do
Thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnsse4/have_a_feeling_for_next_batch/
Think next batch can come today as the deadline for fee submission has passed so they might start rolling out new batches 
Yaar umeedain na do
Jab baad Mai nai ati to dukh hota
...:(
Someone posted that some have their deadlines on the 13th as well so maybe it comes then
Yeah my seat is up for grabs now lol
why'd you give up?
Financially unjustifiable for SSE
I see, well best of luck for future endeavors
You too!
I think now they will release a batch of rejection 👹

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnsb4s/did_anyone_get_an_email_for_grad_phd_sciences/

I think the people getting emails are clearly not on Reddit

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnrvyx/when_will_lums_fa_team_visit_us/

they may or may not
randomly aatay hain
so its a surprise visit matlab they don’t tell you before hand? i heard from somebody that they informed him that they’re gonna visit that day

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnr77g/i_messed_up_my_exam/
AOA guys I am so depressed I messed up my psychology exam and I wamted to ask if I got U in psychology I have overall 4 subjects lums requirement is bbc right? So If i got 3 B s in rest will this affect me ? Plz help me out
they will only consider the top 3 grades out of 4
That's a relief
You still have time for psychology paper 4 tou I don’t think you’ll get a bad grade if you get better marks in p4. Wase bhi p3 ka threshold p4 sai kam hota amooman
But if you fail one component doesn't that mean you fail A2?
Idts let’s just say you got like 20 marks in p3 but managed to get 45 in the other three papers thats 155 marks. According to thresholds that’s like a B or an A.
And they’ll not consider the worst grade even if you fail psychology they’ll consider the other three
That sounds good but yeah i gave AS last year got an overall b compnents b and c out of could add up to45-50 i got around 15-20 in P3 estimated and p4 I'll work hard
LUMS requirement is BBC 💀💀
Its weird tgat its true ☠️
Yes only 3 subjects will be counted. And BBC is just an average requirement. The equivalent grades for example ACC, ABD type grades are also accepted.
That's a relief
yeah dont worry theyll only take in 3 best grades
I applied for iba on the basis of sat, but there was another option for a random test, which I don't know about. Will I have to give that, or I  can just stick with sat, please guide me
which school did you apply for?
Sdsb but most people are saying they take top 3 grades so ig that's true
Program to waar gya

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnfx7t/grad_decisions/
Cleared the written test for IBA but just got my interview rejection today, so everything rests on LUMS for now, anxiety is at it's peak has anyone gotten their grad decision yet? or been called for an interview?
hey would you mind telling me what the interview was about? what’d they ask etc and what do you think went wrong with your interview?
Hey, my interview was about MS management and they asked me why I wanted to get into a MS program, a few questions about research and my research project in Bachelors, I think my interview went wrong when I mentioned that I might try my hand in the corporate sector after the degree and they asked why I didn't opt for a MBA, I think I should've made it more clear that I wanted a research based program and that is where my passion lies among other things, either that or my bad FSC grades since I had 65% in FSC and I asked them what they looked for in candidates and they mentioned that it's their academic background among other things
hmmmm interesting, and where did you complete your bachelors from?
LUMS with a CGPA of 3.4, a friend of mine from Islamia Univeristy Bahawalpur had an interview after me for MS marketing and I prepared him for it since I thought I flunked mine and he got in, plus his grades in FSC were much better
MashAllah, may i ask why aren’t you looking towards going abroad since you graduated from lums? People say that lums helps you go abroad for masters
Only son in the family, doesn't seem right to leave my parents behind when they need me, they won't move abroad with me and it's at least 5 years down if you go for a PR, and that puts alot of things off like marriage etc, I think if you see your future in Pakistan IBA is the best bet because of the alumni network and you can fund yourself by working, LUMS is crazy expensive, basically the same amount of money required to go to Ireland for a masters  so if I don't get into IBA round 2 and LUMS offers me an admission I'll consider it
In the same dillema hahahah. Have a younger brother who is quite young and may not be able to manage things if I leave. I secured admission in IBA as a last resort if visas or family becomes an issue for me in moving abroad. I am terribly terrified of something going wrong in the family and me not being here. Hope we figure things out man!
You got this man just pray for yourself all I know is whatever happens, happens for the best and these are things none of us can control, plus you have your admission confirmed in IBA which is one of the best universities for corporate sector if you want to stay in Pakistan so I wouldn't sweat much because you're basically sorted MashaAllah.
Thanks man. Anybody of my age that I talk to keeps saying "mulk se nikal jese bhi" and every adult I talk to says "you'll figure things out whichever way you go forward in life". Don't know what's right 🥹 hope you figure things out too
I think there are pros and cons to both, moving abroad isn’t as easy as it sounds since mostly if you come from a upper middle class home like I do you have to juggle a part time job and studies and that’s quite hard, in Pakistan you have the familiarity of your place and there’s no major culture shock imo
aaah man the usual dilemma and sacrifices we men have to make for our parents. Hope things work out for you, also why don’t you try working for 1-2 years right out of lums and then maybe try for a masters?
Oh I passed out in 2023 I'm currently working at national foods, thought I shouldn't take too long of a gap in my studies, I plan on a masters degree for now and an EMBA later on to build a stronger profile in my domain
Also imo going abroad requires a good GPA they don't care about the univeristy as all universities are the same to them as long as you have a good GPA, US is the only country where I think being from LUMS gives you some advantage.
iba r2 is still there
Yeah I've applied for that but got really demotivated, would be ideal if I got decision from LUMS before the round 2 begins so I know if I should solely focus on IBA.
How does IBA cater R2 applicants wrf to the foundation courses that you have to do over the summer? Like for MS Economics you have to do 1-2 courses in the summer semester which starts at 12 June but R2 applicants would get their responses by end of July
I have no idea about that, I applied in round 1, made the cutoff but flunked the interview and now I'm panicking, I need you to pray that I either get into LUMS or IBA round 2 please ;-;
IA you'll get in dw. Since you're good at the content of the test I think you just need to focus on interview skills. My advice. Be unapologetically honest and have solid reasons to be applying to the program. I have a background in CS and just got in the MS in Economics. Had strong reasons to be wanting to do this.
Thank you so much, fingers crossed.
Did u recently get admission offer/interview call?
I got an interview call from IBA last week, but nothing from LUMS as of yet.
I applied for MBA at IBA. My interview was on 7th May ans i haven't heard from them since.. does that mean i am accepted? Lmao this is confusing
No No there’s a cut off marks for interview as well, they’ll post a list like they did when you cleared the test, it’ll be named MBA final result, you’ll get an email for it and they’ll kick a fair amount of people out in that list, they kicked 12 people out in MS management round 1 after interviews
Damn.. my interview went well too but my FSc grades are lacking.. i was fairly confident but now i am scared.
You'll get in bestie don't overthink, I'll be praying for you if you promise to pray that I get in during round 2
hey would you mind telling me what the interview was about? what’d they ask etc and what do you think went wrong with your interview?
Hey, my interview was about MS management and they asked me why I wanted to get into a MS program, a few questions about research and my research project in Bachelors, I think my interview went wrong when I mentioned that I might try my hand in the corporate sector after the degree and they asked why I didn't opt for a MBA, I think I should've made it more clear that I wanted a research based program and that is where my passion lies among other things, either that or my bad FSC grades since I had 65% in FSC and I asked them what they looked for in candidates and they mentioned that it's their academic background among other things
hmmmm interesting, and where did you complete your bachelors from?
LUMS with a CGPA of 3.4, a friend of mine from Islamia Univeristy Bahawalpur had an interview after me for MS marketing and I prepared him for it since I thought I flunked mine and he got in, plus his grades in FSC were much better
MashAllah, may i ask why aren’t you looking towards going abroad since you graduated from lums? People say that lums helps you go abroad for masters
Only son in the family, doesn't seem right to leave my parents behind when they need me, they won't move abroad with me and it's at least 5 years down if you go for a PR, and that puts alot of things off like marriage etc, I think if you see your future in Pakistan IBA is the best bet because of the alumni network and you can fund yourself by working, LUMS is crazy expensive, basically the same amount of money required to go to Ireland for a masters  so if I don't get into IBA round 2 and LUMS offers me an admission I'll consider it
In the same dillema hahahah. Have a younger brother who is quite young and may not be able to manage things if I leave. I secured admission in IBA as a last resort if visas or family becomes an issue for me in moving abroad. I am terribly terrified of something going wrong in the family and me not being here. Hope we figure things out man!
You got this man just pray for yourself all I know is whatever happens, happens for the best and these are things none of us can control, plus you have your admission confirmed in IBA which is one of the best universities for corporate sector if you want to stay in Pakistan so I wouldn't sweat much because you're basically sorted MashaAllah.
Thanks man. Anybody of my age that I talk to keeps saying "mulk se nikal jese bhi" and every adult I talk to says "you'll figure things out whichever way you go forward in life". Don't know what's right 🥹 hope you figure things out too
I think there are pros and cons to both, moving abroad isn’t as easy as it sounds since mostly if you come from a upper middle class home like I do you have to juggle a part time job and studies and that’s quite hard, in Pakistan you have the familiarity of your place and there’s no major culture shock imo
aaah man the usual dilemma and sacrifices we men have to make for our parents. Hope things work out for you, also why don’t you try working for 1-2 years right out of lums and then maybe try for a masters?
Oh I passed out in 2023 I'm currently working at national foods, thought I shouldn't take too long of a gap in my studies, I plan on a masters degree for now and an EMBA later on to build a stronger profile in my domain
Also imo going abroad requires a good GPA they don't care about the univeristy as all universities are the same to them as long as you have a good GPA, US is the only country where I think being from LUMS gives you some advantage.
iba r2 is still there
Yeah I've applied for that but got really demotivated, would be ideal if I got decision from LUMS before the round 2 begins so I know if I should solely focus on IBA.
How does IBA cater R2 applicants wrf to the foundation courses that you have to do over the summer? Like for MS Economics you have to do 1-2 courses in the summer semester which starts at 12 June but R2 applicants would get their responses by end of July
I have no idea about that, I applied in round 1, made the cutoff but flunked the interview and now I'm panicking, I need you to pray that I either get into LUMS or IBA round 2 please ;-;
IA you'll get in dw. Since you're good at the content of the test I think you just need to focus on interview skills. My advice. Be unapologetically honest and have solid reasons to be applying to the program. I have a background in CS and just got in the MS in Economics. Had strong reasons to be wanting to do this.
Thank you so much, fingers crossed.
Did u recently get admission offer/interview call?
I got an interview call from IBA last week, but nothing from LUMS as of yet.
I applied for MBA at IBA. My interview was on 7th May ans i haven't heard from them since.. does that mean i am accepted? Lmao this is confusing
No No there’s a cut off marks for interview as well, they’ll post a list like they did when you cleared the test, it’ll be named MBA final result, you’ll get an email for it and they’ll kick a fair amount of people out in that list, they kicked 12 people out in MS management round 1 after interviews
Damn.. my interview went well too but my FSc grades are lacking.. i was fairly confident but now i am scared.
You'll get in bestie don't overthink, I'll be praying for you if you promise to pray that I get in during round 2

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cncag8/urgent_plea_for_help/
Please help me here .

I was filling my admission form and accidently clicked on the " Apply Button " and not on the " Next Step " Button for IBA 

I had not completely written my essay . In fact it was a rough draft . I just wanted to see the next step 

What can I do ? Please help . I cannot think of anything now . I thought you can edit your application until payment is made . Please help

I will literally off myself here .
Email them and tell them this issue. Same shit happened with me personal statement mai kuch aur copy paste kardia tha so I asked them to change the ps by sending them a document of my actual personal statement.
Did you get reply??
Yes
What did they say, do they updated?? 
And when did you get reply?
I mailed them and got reply in 10 minutes that my portal is unlocked 💞💞
Unko email krke bolo mera form unfreeze krden wou krdete hain
What to write in email?
I mailed them and got reply in 10 minutes that my portal is unlocked 💞💞

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnc66z/lums_interviews/
i've never heard about lums conducting interviews but i have seen 2-3 posts regarding students receiving interview emails. does anyone of you have any info regarding this?
They conduct interviews for graduate level programs and above.
so interviews are not for undergrads?
Im an undergratuate and i got call for interview
have u given the interview?
when is your interview and at what time?
today at 1:30
Can i dm you?
sure
I got a call for interview as well for Engineering undergraduate. What does it mean?
Same i got a call too
when is your interview and at what time?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnbymi/curious_where_yall_coming_from/
 Just curious: which high school are you guys repping? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cnbymi)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn87tk/important/
Does A levels urdu count as a full credit subject for sdsb at lums?
Yes
Obv, why not?
yup just not for sse i called their admissions before applying

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn7w8p/still_havent_gotten_an_answer_from_lums/

us
Answers come till 31st
I know but it feels like everyone else has gotten theirs already. Bhai reject bhi karna hai toh bata toh dein
They won't because it's on rolling basis. So if a candidate leaves a seat, they give it to the next deserving candidate etc.
us &lt;/3

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn7w32/next_batch_on_9th_may/
seeing a lot of people saying that next batch can be possible tomorrow since fees deadline given to previous batches is 8 may.
This is not entirely true since some students especially ones who got in last batch have a deadline of 10th may while others who withdraw from FA also have a deadline of 10th-13th may.
Itna mat socho bhai focus on your papers

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn79fc/what_are_my_chances/
I have 8 A*s in O levels. 3 As 1B in AS Level. I applied for CS. I didnt give the SAT but the ACT and have a 29 composite score in that with 32 in english and 30 in math. Will i get in?
Ur chances are pretty solid tbh
Bro counter strike doesn’t have any of those requirements.
what’s the SAT equivalent of your ACT score?
1350
pretty good chance
very much solid
Very high
You'll easily get into CS with such good grades.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn5ihm/lums_condition/
The SBASSE conditional offer states says I need a BBC in 3 full credit subjects. If i get closer to an ACC, or an A\*CC, would that mean my offer will get rescinded? Also, I have A-level psychology as an extra subject, which is not full credit for SBASSE. 

  
Will it not be taken into account at all? Or is it "half credit", and what does that entail for the condition?
You need an average BBC so yeah if you get ACC then that C will be adjusted with that A and both will be counted as B, calculating as overall BBC
r u sure? where did u hear this from because
yeah its an average of bbc so u could get in with aad as well
Last year many friends of mine got in with grades like ABD, A*CC, AAE
thank youu
ABD is a relief cuz thats what im expecting
Where do you see full credit subjects for schools? 
it was on my conditional offer
its an estimate its not set in stone you could fail in one and if you have avg of c they would consider u

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn44xm/interview_for_sse_bcs/
Hey, I got an email from Lums. They invited me for an interview, a virtual interview. They asked me to keep a pen and paper with me for the interview. Does anyone have any idea what they might ask in the interview and what should I prepare for? 
hey when did you receive the email, also did you are you an ug applicant?  and what were your creds?
Can I dm you?
yea
they can ask questions ranging from related to your personal statement to subject scientific questions just be confident and control the interview only talk about stuff that you know about. (I haven’t given one personally but this is what I’ve gathered from those who have given)
Okay that helps. Thank you!!
Long time ago I gave an interview for graduate admission at LUMS. I was asked to answer a question on a whiteboard. They just wanted to see the confidence level. I guess they might ask you to draw something on the paper such as a graph or something. Be prepared and be confident. You will be just fine. If they have asked you for an interview, I guess you are pretty close to getting the offer.
Hoping that it goes as I am planning.
someone ik got called for an interview last year, they applied to bs chemistry, they were asked questions related to their ps and A lvl chmesitry like draw this structure, or how would u make this compunding starting from benzene
Just chemistry questions? What about the other subjects?
when is your interview and at what time?
Tomorrow at 4:15 pm
Oh mine is on Thursday....can I dm you?
Yesss
I have my interview tomorrow for lums sse im really scared what will they ask me? Any idea?
I also have my interview tomorrow
Just stay confident. After carrying out some research and asking the admissions, they will ask some basic questions like introducing yourself, why LUMs, etc. Answer your questions wisely and show them that you are actually passionate. And as long as subject based questions are concerned, show them that you have an approach for every question and you show critical problem-solving skills, even if the answer is wrong. They just want to judge your confidence and see how you reach when you are put through different stages. Let me know how it goes and what they ask.
My interview did not go well
Hopefully man, just hoping that it goes well.
My interview did not go well
What did they ask? Can I dm you?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn3lwa/what_does_it_mean_when_you_get_called_in_for_an/
what it says on the title


It means you have been called for an interview for LUMS
No way 
It means get ready to recall everything uv studied in your A level (relevant to your major) in under 10 secs while a faculty of 3 phd or more professors judge ur responces
Do you know anyone who's gotten in with interviews 🤡
yes
they might ask you to dance for them 💃
😱🤨😓😥😨😰😳
What were ur creds?
And which department (hss ,sse ?
When u recieved  email?
8 A*s, 1380 SAT, very good ecs, good ps 😔
you flunked as?
What ab AS?
Didn't give AS, expected were 2A* and 2A
Oh your creds are really good i wonder why they called you for interview. Ik many ppl who got into sse last year with lower creds and without interviews
Anyways just revise your AL syllabus especially related to the major you put in your first preference in your application
Did you get into lums

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn3ag3/law_school_advice/
AoA everyone, I’m looking forward to applying to various law schools in Pakistan, LUMS being one of them. However, I’m looking out for other law unis as backups in case I don’t get into LUMS. Any good options? Isl, Karachi, Lahore????
NUST, GC, PU and also there are multiple unis that provide external LLB degree that you can look up to
How good is NUST LLB?
No one has like the best LLB, cz the entire LLB is all about learning the same shit so just prefer uni rep over anything

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn2wg4/salam/
Guys? Need help.. I got this topic from my teacher "University Life", and was told to create a presentation on it.. I need 6-7 ideas on what to include in the PPT. Additionally, you can add humorous content I don't mind. Need to submit it by tomorrow, so please help ASAP!

  
Jazakallahu-Khairan!
Use chatgpt
Doesn't help
Give it a bit customised questions it will surely help

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn2d58/mbagraduate_admissions/
Has anyone received any sort of intimation regarding admission to graduate programs particularly MBA
I applied for MBA and MS Entrepreneurship, no decision or update on my portal nor email yet.
Not yet
Any update here ….. emails etc?
Interviews conducted. Awaiting decision
MBA executive?
Regular
Anyone for MBA executive … interview mail/call?
how was it? in person or online? you from outside Lahore? 

Goodluck
In person. But no decision yet
thanks. how was it? I have one day after tomorrow. What do they ask? Would appreciate any tips you might give.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn13as/bschools_of_pakistan/
Hey, I'll keep this as brief as possible. I wanna do BS Accounting and Finance.

1- I have no chance with LUMS cause of my profile.

2- I have not prepared for IBA's Entry Test and just have a 1000 in SAT. However, I have an option to go to KSBL for an year and transfer next year to IBA (considering that I pass the entry test and interview which is 50/50 for me).

3- I gave NET at NUST and got 148 but I need 162ish to secure the ACF program, I do have one last attempt but meh, idk I'm confused and anxious about it too.

4- I had a 2 year gap after my O-Levels (fam sh*t) so I can't really go for LSE either as I don't meet 2 of their requirements.

Considering that I want to move to the US for Masters in Finance or Masters in Quantitative Finance, what other viable options do I have that have good placement and internship opportunities so I can make a good resume/profile for my masters? 

P.S genuinely need help here as I'm on the cliff rn and need suggestions.
If you're from Karachi why don't you consider IoBM? It is way better than KSBL
On the transfer policy of IBA, it says one can transfer from either KSBL or LUMS, that's why, if i choose KSBL, my priority is gonna be to transfer to IBA
I hope you get into IBA but keep in mind that it's not end of the world? KSBL, NBS and IoBM all have amazing business programs and they are considered top 5 business schools in Pakistan. So, don't worry too much about getting a job after ACF and stuff because they got good placements too.

You will also get CA and ACCA exemptions from IoBM (as far as i know) not sure about other unis but do check their exemptions out too.
I understand, I am from Islamabad tho, I would definitely go to Karachi if I got into IBA, but for IoBM or KSBL I'm not so sure, I'm hesitant
Try FAST.They offer a degree in accounting and finance but please check if they are still offering this program or not.If not, you can apply to their BBA program.
A bit out of context, but how did you prepare for NET with an O/A level background?
i took a course online, PrepareNET on Instagram, it'll show up. Also, there's little to no material available online for Social Sciences NET, there's a book called OETP, and that's it, you might wanna look at it too.
im pretty sure the business net is simple maths and iq questions/english
consider a worst case scenario. if you are unable to score a transfer to IBA from KSBL, would you prefer spending four years at ksbl or at nust? measure the pros and cons of going away from home and living independently, and research about the faculty and facilities both universities provide.
I would definitely stay in Islamabad if I get into NBS and even IBA, but I don't see any other option other than NBS here in Islamabad, yes there is Bahria, FAST and a few other universities but would i really wanna spend 4 years? idk

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn10yd/status/
Is it possible to check the status of our lums admission application through tracking id?
You haven't checked your portal?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn0k8e/lums_nust_giki_fast/
Aoa everybody. So I'm planning for Bachelors in CS. What do y'all recommend? I plan to go abroad for Masters IA. Which one is the best among the 4(or in pak). At the end of the day, I want a high GPA, excellent skillset and also want my personality grooming and experience etc. Attending concerts and all that shit is not my thing. So what would y'all recommend for a well rounded experience. I can't compromise on the skills and GPA. I'm willing to put in the work as CS is veryy concentrated. So which one will be the best choice according to you?
Iqra University jao vhro
Meri aukat nhi wahan admission lene ki bhai merit bohat high hai
certainly, if you get into LUMS then there's prolly no better option in Pak
Yr admission to hogaya hai Financial Aid apply kia hai Allah kre miljae cuz afford to mei nust bhi nhi kr skta
mil jaegi InshALLAH, it depends on your ability to pay for tuition the more or less you need that would be given IA.
Ameen. Thanks man
don’t go for FAST if you want to go abroad for masters as they don’t give a good GPA (atleast thats what i’ve heard). just go for lums or giki and develop your skills but more importantly do research work which can guarantee your admission in a good uni abroad
Reading this, FAST is THE ONE for you! Fosho
GPA, exposure aur communication skills ka kia kroonga?
BZU jao bohat scope ha TBH!!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmysb8/have_you_accepted_your_offer/
For all those who got their offer before, I guess today is the last day to pay the fee, so what is your situation now?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cmysb8)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmys4j/next_batch_of_acceptances/
When can we expect to see the next round of acceptances? 
From what i have heard

Maybe tomorrow, because today is the deadline for payment for those that have gotten accepted

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmy8ui/asking_for_soe/
I didn’t report AS grades/retakes to lums and sent in internal grades only. Now they’re asking for SOE copy for A2 in which 2 subjects are composite (never given before) and 2 are A2 only. Will the 2 subjects that are A2 only be an issue???  
why didn’t u report the 2 carry forward AS ones?
they were Cs before retake and Bs after retake and 2 subjects i dropped in A2 (and replaced with composite) were Bs too but my internals were 3As and 1B
not reporting but still carrying forward seems off to me. not sure what the admissions office will think of that. you don’t have much of a choice other than sending ur soe and hoping for the best :p
do you think there could be issues with my offer then?
can’t say for sure
I had given urdu composite in my first year of A levels and gave the AS components of the three subjects last year, this year Im only giving the exams of those three subjects im carrying forward but during admission I put all of them in a single record. Should I tell them that urdu was given composite in the first year or will they know just by looking at my result card which indicates that urdu was given as a composite?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmtcl1/lums_vs_iba_for_business/
which one you prefer? and above all why? 
lums doesnot offer BBA ...if you want to do BBA go for IBA...
if you want to go for management sciences school go for lums..
Bro i mean overall buisness degree but got answer after research thanks 
so whats the answer that u found out?
Dude SDSB is knows as Harvard of Pak
Sbs is called oxford of Pakistan dude!
I've never even heard of SBS, let alone the Oxford of Pakistan ( is it the B school of IBA?)
Doesn't really matters mate! I guess u neither know its part of prestegious unicon buisness club too  (which includes harvard, wharton, oxford and all)  Well if you said that mocking iba than this is response, if you really didn't knew then its buisness scl of iba
looks like everyone here has disagreed with u bro 🥲
some downvotes from some troubled individuals associated with IBA or LUMS baseless critiques hold no significance at all.
bro did u just upvote yourself from some fake accounts of urs? 😭😭😂 I mean ur downvotes suddenly got reduced from -5 to 0... in a span of what 30 mins? and that too on a yesterday's dead post..? with not a single new comment from any account? 🙃

im sorry cant take u serious anymore man! I was genuinely trying to have a convo with u to get some info about ur opinions.. but now it looks like u are a pretty troubled person with the way you've reacted... peace ! ✌️
" looks like everyone here has disagreed with u bro 🥲" and the irony to say i want peace🤡.  
brother hypocrite hony ki bhi had hoti hai ;), anyway not here to spitI with u.. farewell.
Go to some school man, learn how to read and comprehend things first... I guess you're too young/naive to be on a uni's subreddit..! 
My comment had nothing to start an argument here, I was just stating a fact in a sarcastic way hoping to get a sensible reply from your side, which could've helped me understand things better, cuz u know what? I thought u were some senior student here... but my God, how wrong was I?

And yeah one more thing... Go Get a Life!! and delete those 5 fake accounts of yours that you've made just to keep upvoting yourself to satisfy your ego when everyone literally disagrees with u here and downvotes ur comments 😂 from -5 downvotes to 0... in literally 30 mins... thats some next level desperation bro...
does it matter? i don't think so, the reality persists lmao, not everyone can get into SDSB
bro did u just upvote yourself from some fake accounts of urs? 😭😭😂 I mean ur downvotes suddenly got reduced from -5 to -1... in a span of what 30 mins? and that too on a yesterday's dead post..? with not a single new comment from any account? 🙃
you indeed are a troubled person, I feel sorry for you.
Ulta chor kotwaal ko daante? 😭 Bhai plz dont tell me u are a student of lums.. I'll really have some serious concerns about their standards then!
Well, see if I make it to both, I'll join IBA SBS. It's worth it in all terms; the connections you'll make ultimately help in finding internships and research opportunities. Name a bank, and you'll find IBA's CEO there. Students of IBA SBS have secured around 1.3/1.4/2.5 million dollars for their business ideas. Here, people know little about what IBA is. Definitely, this is a LUMS community; people will say LUMS is the Harvard of Pakistan, etc. (a self-proclaimed tag). Both are prestigious institutions; in some aspects, LUMS may be better, like having a big campus, a party atmosphere, and a more laid-back vibe. However, this doesn't necessarily improve your chances for prestigious institutions like Harvard, UPenn, etc. In most aspects (networking, competition wins, internship opportunities, exposure to the market), the chances of being selected for internships and research are higher if you are an IBA student. You must know IBA is one of the oldest business institutions in South Asia, and due to its legacy of excellence, its alumni have reached top positions in all major brands and banks, which prefer IBA graduates over others. I don't know what you mean by IBA vs. LUMS (for business), but for partying, chilling, a big campus, dancing, and grooming, LUMS is superior. However, for rigorous studies, internships/job opportunities, networking, affordability, and ultimately building a competitive profile for top institutions like Harvard, IBA is superior. Again, I will apply for Round 2 in IBA via interview and have already applied for LUMS. If I make it to both, I'll definitely choose IBA. 


 Note: It's evident that most people will downvote this comment as they know little about IBA, and as this is lums community but if that's the category you want to know more about, I can't say anything.
Makes sense thanks ! Did research find out all are facts personally what i can say now is bth are pretty much like same so paying 40% more for same thing from lums would be kinda idiotic thanks again!
Made it to sdsb but thinking about sbs as i didn't applyed previously! Sdsb ain't worths 18 lacks
My score is 1410 can u suggest interview tips like how to ace it?
Np bro! Watch some yt interviews hope so they'll help , i am preparing from tgere too

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmrsy3/trasnfer_after_ba/
Can i join bs cs if i complete my two year private bachelor? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmowop/fsc_students_pls_help/
How can I apply into 2nd annual exams for my first year as a fresh candidate, I checked the website I am really skeptical about it Kuch samaj Nahi arha. Will give my exams through federal board pls anyone help me how to apply as a private candidate 
Portal for 2nd annual exams appear after results on board website
Exams are scheduled to take place 40 days after the release of the results, correct?
Ig yes you’re right
So can I give exams in 2nd annual as a fresh candidate?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cminrk/what_are_my_chances/
3A* 3As 2 bs in O-level’s A*A B expected in A-levels i gave lcat and my extra curricular’s were good 3 internships i was the captain of a sports team at my school was an usher at an event at the president house. I applied in sdsb and law school 
Leave everything tell me how did you get to usher at the president house
and depends on the internships too which internships did you do
The people hosting the event were family friends and in need of ushers so I volunteered

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmfz7d/what_r_my_chances/
Hey I applied to sdsb and hss my olevel grades are 3A* 6As and 1 B my sat score is 1220 and alevel predicted grades are 2A and 2B my personal statement was approved by a professional and added a lot of extra curricular activities and 4 internships in finance and management in well known companies. What r my chances
Sdsb low chance. Hss decent chance
I saw a person with 1490 not get into SDSB. So sorry to say, 1% chance.
What about hss?
I have no idea about hss!
No way...are you talking about this year?
[deleted]
Ohh he has a very high chance of getting a revised offer.
Poor sample to represent the population
What do u mean by that
Personal perception, low sample size of people, these do not conclude to a solid hypothesis. Poor premises. He presented his argument as a final answer based on his personal observation which is bs since they are not a credible source.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6iz8v/lahore_school_of_economics/
Guys please tell how to delete Lse online account and make a new one. I actually made a mistake in selecting program For undergraduate and cannot rectify it. I wanted to go for double major in eco and marketing but ended up doing finance and marketing. Please help!!!
I don’t think it matters. Everyone chooses their major after the first year based on their cgpa after 2 semesters.
Amd what do you study in first two semester. Like you have to select a major!
They are general courses which all the first year studies. After first two semester based on your cgpa you select your degree
Dw, just email them and the team will help you out
I emailed them but received no reply
When did u email them?
It’s genuinely not an issue, the foundation year has the same courses for everyone and then later on you have to submit which degree (Major) you’re going to go for.
Dont worry about it
Um why the talk of lse in lums Reddit? Genuinely asking

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d6gyax/interview/
Is it alright to wear polo shirt for ms interview or need to be strictly formal?
Rock a Ralph Lauren polo and Ferragamo kicks to guarantee your admission （￣︶￣）↗　
Dude 😂
MS interviews still going on? I though they were done with it last week. Which program did you apply to?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5yhw3/biomedical_engineering/
Does lums offer biomedical engineering 
NO, they only offer EE and chem E
No but they have BS Biology
no only bio

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5xh0r/has_someone_been_admitted_to_sahsol/
has someone been admitted to SAHSOL in the last 2-3 days?
Ye sub mill ker humay pagal bana rahay motherboard k bachay 😞
Motherboard 😭😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sxwd/do_you_get_the_same_exposure_and_campus_life_in/
the title.
No
Also i should add, in todays day and age one can get a good exposure to the US grad school and big corp market by being at any institution tbh. 

Lums might give you an edge but it’s not impossible or even hard to succeed an avg lums graduate in terms of employability or grad school acceptances. People in our country lack awareness, and sm people who network with the right people, actually put in the hours to look for opportunities end up succeeding, irrespective of where they are.

A senior of mine, Faseeh, who did an UG in Eco math plus minor in CS at IBA got accepted from 3 Ivy Leagues and Duke ( Columbia, Princeton, Yale). Also, he got into Dukes most selective program for Analytical Political Economy where they only select 10 students from a pool of mere 1500-1700 applicants. This just proves that all the yapper community of reddit whose entire purpose is to demean you if you’re not going to LUMS and tell you how dogshit your life will be if you don’t go to LUMS are just a bunch of cry babies and nothing else.

Also if anyone follows this guy called tabarak rehman, he recently interviewed a software engineer working in boston making 300k USD a year. Guess what, the dude did his undergrad in EE from UET lahore ( class of 2020) and got into Northwesterns Engineering Management for his Masters. 

Sure, im not saying that if you choose to go to these places hoping to replicate the exact same thing i mentioned above ke you’ll have it easy, but all im saying ke yapping about lums as the sole savior of your future and the only ticket to US universities is bullshit. If they can do it, so can you. Don’t let anyone demean you or tell you that your life is over it you can’t go to lums for a genuine reason.
It seems you're trying to convince yourself 😂 this post isn't even about job prospects after LUMS 🤡or your so-called perspective that an institution as great as LUMS shouldn't get the well-deserved recognition it receives. It appears as though you believe those who work hard and hope for admission to LUMS and are motivating others to try their best to get into the best institution are just a bunch of crybabies in your eyes, and your narcissistic validation is the only truth ( that's some peak level of irony). However, reality is very different from what you perceive. I hope you soon realize this and consider refraining from making irrelevant comments on different posts.
Not even close
I don't think so
similar employment prospects, lums might be slightly better in terms of exposure and campus life.
The same career opportunities but not the same social life however a good one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5sn77/ibcc_equivalence/
Has anyone applied for equivalence online or through courier. If so can anyone guide me through the process
Don’t do it online I’ve seen some posts where people complain of how long it takes and how bad the system is best is to go to the office and get it done in my opinion
Got it through online, and it took 15 days
Can you explain the process please
I just followed the steps on website, (selected online method)
How did u submit your documents then?
Take scanned pictures and upload them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o5xv/test_exemption/
I am applying for BBA programe of IBA round 2. I have a SAT score of 1320 which I think is enough for test exemption but the portal still asks me for test centre and payment of test even though I have given them my SAT score. Do I still have to pay for the test?
Register for your nearest center. They'll give you exemption slip a bit later afaik
You need to have a minimum of 600 in each section I think .
yes, I emailed them the same query and they replied that you have to select the nearest center even if you are exempted from the test because it is required to identify the candidate's location in case you get called for an interview.
and also you need to have a minimum of 600 in each section so check that too
I do have 600 in both section and secondly do tell me about payment issue?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5o0o8/can_i_apply_to_sdsb/
I wanted to join sdsb in lums for acf .i gave business and maths and plan to give physics in oct/nov, can i still apply or would i have to take accounts?
Yes you can. There are no pre requisites for sdsb.
can u guide how to do so?
Just apply and fill in the application thats it lol.
can we apply right now as well? Aren't the applications closed now? or is it open throughout the year?
They open again in November and the deadline usually end of Jan
So I can start writing the application from tomorrow for the coming Nov u mean?
No, the form itself will be available from November.
oh okk gotchaa..!!
Open the lums website online and make your own account. Then just fill in the application form. Don't hesitate to ask for help.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5lujx/how_does_1st_semester_looks_like_for_someone/

u can dm
Sent you a message
Bad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5kcny/lums_admission/
I received my conditional offer and according to it if i get below 70% my admission will be revoked. Do i have to obtain above 70% in 2 year only or the total result ( 1 year and 2 year) will be considered for acceptance. 
When did u get your conditional offer?
Last month.
Credentials?
96 % in metric. 80% in fsc part 1 and 1470 sat score.
School? And congratulations 🙌🏻
Thanks. I got admission in HSS
Total 70% above
Overall FSc 70+

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5k83b/for_people_who_recently_got_admission/
When did you get your admission?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d5k83b)
i have a question  
one of my relative want to get admission in LUMS but he has a one year gap after his FSC can  he still get the admission
Gap year doest matter until you did something  productive or have outstanding  marks .
Productive like what activities and are you talking about intermediate marks?? And how much
Metric/Olevels matters the most intermediate  main 70 % hona chiye bas 
Productive yani kuch extra curricular  kiya ho ya phir solid good reason ho gap year ki .
And do intermediate marks matter more?
Nah bas 70 % ya above hona chiye 
You should better see it on lums website.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/
the caption
Yes many people
Rejections dekhin hain abhi tak. Mere 2 friends ki rejection ai ek ki kal aur ek ki I guess 3,4 din pehle
Aid rejection ya admission?
Aid rejection
I'm waiting too, I contacted them and they said they will mail us soon so be patient. But i think they might have mailed all rejected student first( not sure just an assumption). But I don't believe I'll get the aid because if the financial aid is fully based on need based , I don't think I'll get that. But hope for the best
Yar be positive. Hope we get what we asked for. There's always has been the same strategy of fin aid office. They first eliminate those who they think don't deserve aid, only then they start sending aid letters to those who are left. If your aid decision is taking long, it somehow means a good thing
Hope so, I want to ask you something, during application period, do we have to submit documents physically as well? I mean I'm not confirm but heard that we have to submit the documents physically as well.
I haven't gotten any official email asking me to submit any doc physically
Well if we look at the portal, there's a print your application label smthing, 
Also did you notice that theirs a new tab at the portal of SCS invitation Status? Was it there before or ....? Does you have that too?
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-06-02 07:08:33 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2007:08:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5h3l0/anyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet/l6lc1i2/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d5h3l0%2Fanyone_got_the_financial_aid_decision_yet%2Fl6lc1i2%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2007%3A08%3A33%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d5h3l0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Yes. They didn’t give any aid
Will you go for lums?
Yes, I will even though my family will have to pull some strings (selling a few assets)
which degree program?
SBASSE (chemical engineering)
rahhh boi. I also got into chem engineering program. haha
😭😭😭
The individuals who have been accepted early are currently receiving their decisions.
i was accepted on 19th april. still awaiting my financial aid decision. it's almost like fifth week going on

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5duac/i_am_attending_short_course_about_ai_and_machine/
Anyone have you experience in any short course at lums? Does it worth it?
At CES? I'll be getting their Mandarin course!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5avtc/fccu_shots/
anyone who aint got acceptance from lums yet and thinking to go fccu ladies and only ladies (gentlemen can also) reach me so i can make friends before uni to survive the shit outta fccu 
hi there
Admissions are opening in July right?
ion know check out the website bro
lse chalay jao usay behtar
sat ka score kum ha buhat ziyada
unka apna test day dou not hard at all everyone gets in
guide me through that concept please
https://chat.whatsapp.com/GLjYMXyVfyS9dO5eVdf6Ua
this is lse group link you can join it
kiya tha join dead asf gc no a few people there
Kitna SAT score best consider hota hy lse kay liay?
1260 +
Not at all. FCCU much better
SAT 1200+ accepted but u can give their own test which is a little easier than SAT.
So jao
waiting for that advice, thanks for motherly idea

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d531w2/help/
I applied to MGHSS (Humanities and Social Sciences School) and received an offer. Does this mean I'm unable to pursue the economics stream, forcing me to stick with majors offered solely within social sciences and humanities? Or do I have the freedom to choose my major from scratch, regardless of what I selected in my application?
Only social sciences and history, not economics
what was your intended major? and yes you can study econ and take courses in econ stream even if your intended major wasn't econ!
No the person applied to for political science, the social sciences stream not econ
When did you receive the offer?
Yesterday
on 30th may?
What were your credentials?
Doesnt matter
You would have to apply for a stream transfer which is quite difficult.
Same problem with me, got accepted into social sciences but was hoping for economics stream instead. I am from a science background
Brother I also applied to HSS ,so the seen is this 
1 years well have to study all subjects in economic stream if chose economics only then .e.g economics, maths and political science and after exam and cgpa then we'll declare majors .
I am waiting for my acceptance can please share your credentials as it gives hope / motivates to keep the hope.
so as soon as i enroll into lums i won’t have to study courses for english literature (major i chose at time of application) and can choose any courses i want? ps i really don’t want to do english lit 😭
No ,I don't think so,  you can't study economics if you haven't  chosen it on application form .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51llq/help/
I gave both Urdu A and Urdu B in olevel and mentioned only Urdu b grade which is A* in Ibcc equivalence form which is online.So, will there be any problem. Secondly in how much time will I get my equivalence certificate if I apply on-line and do I have submit any document through TCS
No there will not be any problem with the urdu thing
Did you get into lums
I wish
few weeks i guess. you could choose urgent option as well if you want . faster delivery + more expensive. not sure about TCS but I think you dont need to . Check karlena
If you apply online, there's no need to send any document through TCS.
I have uploaded my CNIC and result certificates. Are they enough?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d51j6k/sahsol/
Hello, I've applied to SAHSOL ( with humanities as second option) and am wondering if i can get accepted with my current grades. 

International Baccalaureate:
MYP score 44 
SAT 1240 
IBDP predicted of 37

O level: 
PK studies A* 
ISL A 

thank you 
If you have written a good personal essay, you can easily secure admission with these scores in sahsol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d50l4h/sat_deadline/
whats the next deadline for SAT as i missed the first test and whens the test also can i apply to unis with that SAT as deadlines are probably gonna end by then
Bhai sat har month hota hai except July I think u can check on Google.
late dainay par admission hojata hai?
Kider bhai ?
Lums main oct se start hota addmission form till January tak 
Last date to give SAT is March for recent year addmission 
2024 admission ka liya   March ka sat last SAT tha .
ok thnx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d5054a/hmi_acceptance/
Anyone with Acceptance??
What is HMI ?
Hospital Management And Innovation.
Not yet
How was your interview
50/50. :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4te4a/sahsol/
I have heard of many people getting accepted in SAHSOL, are there any seats left at this point or should we just look for other options
Heard about a someone made group of people who got accepted in SAHSOL, and there were less than 20 people in it.
how many seats are there in total?
80-100
A lot of people aren't paying either so seats are still open
SAHSOL is not worth the fee they are charging. No job prospects afterwards. 5 years of degree program. 1 additional year feel like a decade. 
—SAHSOL Alumnus.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sk6x/help/
My bro recently done with his internediate exams he got 90 % in matric n expecting the same in inter what could be the pathway to study in lums , study resources etc can anyone plz guide 
Give SAT or lcat whatever is convenient. Better to give the latter though.
Lcat for law from lums ?
Lcat is their own test. 

For law in Lums, you have to either send in SAT score or give their lcat( or both whatever works for you). Then obviously have send in your LAT test results.
Ok thanks i didnt know about lcat , he wants to pursue cs so bettter he should opt for lcat or sat ?
Better to go for sat and get atleast like 1450 for a safe chance
Ok n how to prepare for SAT. Like academy or self study ?
[deleted]
Here's a sneak peek of /r/Sat using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year) of the year!

\#1: [Can i get into Harvard?](https://i.redd.it/7wfouj6kpxyb1.jpg) | [128 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17pv9w7/can_i_get_into_harvard/)  
\#2: [I think I just won the SAT](https://i.redd.it/oh951s0c6ovb1.jpg) | [141 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/17djn2o/i_think_i_just_won_the_sat/)  
\#3: [Local high school, this is scary](https://i.redd.it/j96ll67kmjmc1.jpeg) | [331 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/Sat/comments/1b79n5h/local_high_school_this_is_scary/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| ^^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| ^^[Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/) ^^| ^^[GitHub](https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot)
Thanks !
Actually he wanted to study cs from lums any leads hv ni idea about admissions n tetsing criterion
So, CS comes under SSE school of lums. Pretty tough to get into. I would advise him getting a 1450+ SAT score to have a comfortable chance. His matric and FSC seem fine. You also have to give a science aptitude test lums conducts as well.
Thanks buddy
 They are alot of resources for SAT as its international.  

For English section:

Erica L Meltzer's books on reading and Grammer.

For maths:

1600.io Orange book and college panda.


And use Khan academy's course for SAT for both sections along with the above resources. And should be fine.
Thankyou soo much 🙂 !
You could also check fast. My brother is doing his cs from there. Seems like a good university. In fact higher ranking in cs than lums.
Required merit.  Marks etc plz guide ? N whats the criteria
Hey, the statement is somewhat ambiguous. If he has completed his intermediate education and assuming that he didn't apply for this intake, then the only option left is to apply for the next year's fall intake in 2025 after taking a gap year.

Alternatively, if he has completed the exams of intermediate part 1 and is now in intermediate part 2, then it's the right time for him to start preparing for the LUMS application. He should begin preparing for the SAT, and if he needs SAT preparatory resources, you can reach out to me. He should also start focusing on completing his Statement of Purpose (SOP) and getting his extracurricular activities in order. If he hasn't been involved in any extracurricular activities, it's high time for him to start participating in activities related to his major. Since CS at LUMS is highly competitive, his SAT scores and grades in intermediate should be top-notch to stand a chance. It's also important to have backup options. If you need any more help, feel free to dm me.
Go for SAT as it has many resources than LCAT which basically based on fsc rather than matric board system. With a sat score he'd be able to apply to other universities without giving their entrance tests.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4sgs0/decision/
keep your eyes on your portal today at 5pm 😉. D**ON'T BELIEVE ME I'M JUST JOKING. HEHEHE :) **
Naughty naughty.
☠️
my username says it all

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4okur/phd_applicants_chance_me/
BS CGPA: 3.18

MS CGPA: 4

Published researches: 3

Did well on the LGAT, not so well on the Subject Based test. 

Haven't heard from lums yet
This reddit is mostly used by undergrads applicant . No one has idea ke kis ke kab ajai .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4nw0i/admission_in_lums/
I am a national champion and also placed top 15 in the world in a sport I play, I wanted to ask if this could help my chances to join lums with average grades. I also have a major chance in competing in the Olympics in 2028.
It can boast your application but primarily the academics hold more weight
i don’t think you can get into lums without a lvls or an equivalent degree
The foundation year I did is equivalent to A levels
could u tell your complete academic credentials? o lvls/a lvls and sat if given
I gave 6 o levels didn't give maths. I have 5 B and 1 C 
I did level 3 foundation year and I haven't given a sat. I know it's a long shot but was just checking to see if it's possible.
mushkil hai boss. although im interested in what sport u played
It's basically shooting. It's a Olympic sport called skeet shooting. A target the size of a small plate moves at 110kmph and you have to shoot it mid air.

https://youtu.be/W5MWMaraDEo?si=9X0CXABFX5XUPmOI 

This is my video.
that’s pretty cool ngl
Yeah pretty fun
Yes i had worked with UN and other similar orgs (even with decent grades like 9/10: 89% ; 11/12: 81% ; sat:1310 


I haven't got a response so lums focuses alot on grades n stuff
I hope you get a response soon. Btw I am also interested in yk kind of WORKING with these big organisations. Can you tell what you did and how you did it. I do wanna experience it
Apply for HSS and mention all that stuff in your application. You will have a very good chance even with minor grades
What is HSS? I haven't done A levels due to my sport I always had my nationals in May. I won the 2023 and 2024 nationals while setting nationals record and being one of the youngest to ever win in this sport. I have done a foundation year and have 5 B and 1 C in o levels. I know my grades are that good but I'll most probably be representing pakistan in the Olympics while studying in lums so that has to have some kind of value while getting and admission. I haven't gone through the admission process but I'll try buy visiting the uni and see if I could get a chance.
lums Arts schools.
yo chad! m an international champ. wanna compete??
Bro not bragging this is a legit question I focused on my sport more than my studies so just wanted to check if it's possible for me to get into lums
here in Pak, i don't think any other uni will value your sports this much than LUMS... so Yeah, u have gud chances but also look up for backups!
Worst come worst I am thinking I'll join the lgs idp. 
And if you think I was joking about my sport achievements 

https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/1164469-imam-sets-record-in-national-shooting-skeet-event 

My name is imam.(btw I don't come from a army background I don't wany any controversy regarding this xd)
i trust u champ! but keep LUMS ur 1st priority (in PAK)
Yeah I'm gonna try my hardest for lums. I could have gotten way better Opportunities in the US including full scholarships because of my shooting but I won't be able to train as I do in lahore. My main focus Isn't on studies it's on winning a Olympic medal
Solid chance
NGL you do have a chance. I myself know someone who got into SSE (most competitive school) with good grades( for SSE grades must be excellent) and not excellent but good ecs. So ecs do play a part. You will probably apply next year. You still have time to improve your grades and the sport you play will definitely boost up your application. So don't lose hope just try to get better grades.
Rooting for you and Hope to see you in 2028 olympics!!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4l2uf/doc_submission/
I missed my deadline to submit my result cards. Will it have any affect if i submit it later?
Email LUMS about the situation

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4f5ae/o_levels_grade/
Assalamu alikum wanted to ask if my o level grades are good enough for lums 
I got 2A* 4As 2Bs and 1C and will my equivalency be of 9 or 8 subjects?
Boost
equivalency is based on 8 subjects so unless its important for ur field, C grade subject will be be ignored (unless its like cs and u want to study cs in future)
I got an A in cs but a c in English is it okay if I don’t add my marks in English
depends on what course in what uni ur aiming for check on their site. generally eng show karni parhti hai but rest grades are fine so even if u do equivalency pe khas farq nai pare ga dw
Lums kay liye English is a very important subject I would say English ka retake Dedo

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4d0cv/rejections/
Has anyone received any rejections as of now? 
Some people have.
Yes
Yes low creds people
proof?
Ap toh chup kerjao about proofs bht logon ko rejections gai hongi there are barely 50 active memebers on this sub

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4c3g5/chances_of_getting_into_lums/
O level Grades: 10 As and A*s (5 A and 5 A*)
Extra-curriculars: Good 
SAT Score: 1290 
Gave LCAT and overall it went okay. Found the english section easier than the math tho. 
SSE test was also mid/fine because it was mostly approximation so i’m not sure about my answers. 
im not usually the heart breaking person. liken sse ka liya u need 1450+ sat score. so uss level ka LCAT chahiya hota ha. ur olevel result was very good liken sat bohut off ha,
Allah behtr karna wala ha hope for the best cuz kiya pta SSE aur LCAT acha hee giya ho apka. aur LUMS kee cycle isnt based on creds so dont worry jo hoga Allah na behtr ka liya socha hoga
Low chance on SAT. Lcat might save you.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4b62j/how_long_does_it_take_for_the_lums_package_to_come/
I just got accepted so how long does it take 
When you got accepted?
Interesting .....
Usually next day or two. Sometimes it takes more time depending where you live.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4ajxc/ms_interviews/
Do everyone gets called for the interview or they shortlist few people for that?
Shortlisted people

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d47f7c/can_someone_help_me_and_provide_resources_for_lat/
Title 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d4784e/do_i_have_a_chance/
I am 17 with 1A\* and 6As in Olevels with a 1470 SAT score and 2 internships  and 1 at which was paid including 1 science olympiad attended and Harvard CS50  course and i was also apart of the directors of the first ever ACM(Association of Computing Machinery which is one of the largest cs organizations in the world) program for a highschool in Pakistan Applying for SSE BS CS. What are my chances? becuase i am insanley worried and i havent recieved an admission yet..
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
yup
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
For instance, I have 8 A\*'s in O levels and 4 A's in A levels, SAT is 1500, created my non-profit at the age of 15, appeared in the mathematics international olympiad, have done research internship with university students, and was published on the national level, was captain of the school's basketball team, have tons of certificates in CS and mathematics, fundraising ( collected upto 10K$ and donated it for the underprivileged students ), started my own NGO and have 1000+ members. appears to be a pretty decent profile but guess what? still haven't got accepted from SSE CS yet ( fingers are crossed), got into HSS econ+math stream :)  
Admission at LUMS is very random and you can never be sure!

Edit: you guys are really making me feel that i have done something very extraordinary 😭 ( well thanks for that ) but this profile is very average when you compare it with those got accepted to Stanford, MIT and Harvard etc. Just look at the profiles of these students dang, now it feels like you gotta cure cancer or survive a terrorist attack to get into Harvard LOL😂 .
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
congrats man thats insane and now My confidence has reached such lows that its just impossible to comprehend life at this point
Thanks buddy your profile is pretty insane too! And it's totally okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes on this incomprehensible journey of life, but keep pushing forward— there are always pathways to achieve your dreams.
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
I know i am trying to push for NUST as well and after my alevel exams are donw i am gonna prep like hell in 20 days for their exam and hope to crack the 180 on their exam and also UNM in malaysia which is cheaper internstional alternative and still a decent option
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
That's good to have backup options, but NET is generally harder for students with a Cambridge background, btw have you gotten into your 2nd pref school at LUMS?
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
Nope not yet thats why imma prep for the the NET like an animal , Something can always be done like BATMAN
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
"I'M BATMAN" energy  💀
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
Its not the only hope left but its the only good alternative or i should say the better one becuase NUST is superior in alot of ways to LUMS BUT YEAH
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
I think you'll get your acceptance ( given your decent creds ) you might not need to go to any other uni in Pak IA.
Thanks man you to man, i hope its just a waiting game becuase i wanty acceptance before eid on the 16 or 17 so i can chill ya know , and meet people without doubt and misery at the back of my head agter all the work
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
Damn apka nhi huya to mein to umeed chor rha hum
You had a 1500 and got into HSS econ stream? Bruhh.
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
yup
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.
Will you be going to Lums? And are you hopeful for a revised offer?
I'm currently feeling torn. I've been accepted into two top CS programs in the US ( CMU and Berkeley), but they are quite expensive and haven't offered me any financial aid. Although I have received scholarships from some other US colleges, I don't feel like going there, LUMS seems to be the only viable option if I don't go to the US. Although I love mathematics and have some interest in econ, I really wanted to do CS. I'm hopeful for a revised offer, which seems likely, but I'm also fine with econ and math. If needed, I could also consider transferring to SSE CS after my freshmen year. So, overall, I'm kinda optimistic about my future.
I hope you are satisfied with whatever decision you make ! And if you decide to go to LUMS, looking forward to meeting you!
Thanks mate! did you get in? Which school and major?
Got into Mgshss Econ stream. Same as you.
That's great man! What were your creds? and when did you get your acceptance? I got mine in the first batch
Not as impressive as yours. Olevel was 6A *s and 2As. Alevel ( had a gap year) were A *( distinction), A, B and C. Sat was 1450. ECAs were mid: some school events, student council, MUNs, community service, an internship and a blog I co-wrote with friends.

Received my acceptance on the 25th of April.
Dude go abroad. Why are you even considering a pk uni next to cmu and berkeley. Take loans if you have to. Just these two unis will increase your future potential so much. You will be able to payback whatever loans you took within 5 years of graduating.
Attending CMU or Berkeley would certainly enhance my career prospects. However, I don't think graduating with significant debt is wise when I have a comparable alternative. On the other hand, attending LUMS would provide me with if not better but similar education and exposure without the worry of financial strain. Ik many people who opt for LUMS over US universities due to the current high cost of education in the US caused by the strong dollar. Additionally, numerous students from LUMS secure fully funded master's programs at top US schools such as MIT, Stanford, CMU, etc. So, I'm not worried about this aspect. Graduating debt-free would allow me to pursue a master's program at these schools without the burden of hefty debt repayment. However, this decision may not apply to everyone's situation.
Sounds like you are convincing yourself. I had the same option and i chose abroad. And i have friends who chose to stay. Its not even close to the same. You can dm me if you want more details.
Appreciate your perspective, but I'm comfortable with my decision. Staying true to my ideals.
can u help me, like im starting an NGO, can u give tips like how did u amass so many members and and raised that much . PLus uni internships, idk ho to do im 17 and like just got 2 yrs for alevels so i really need to do alot. PLz help me
yeah sure dm me
What?! then why tf did I get an acceptance then 😭
what were ur creds?
95% matric, 87% intermediate part-1, LCAT
SSE CS?
Yep
Congrats man! I'm happy for ya
I didn't accept tho lol
Life is unpredictable :)
and dont worry i have complete faith youll get in, you got an application to rival potential US international top 30 to 35 schools , its insane
Thanks again budd, we both gonna get our acceptance IA. I got into CMU and Berkeley though, the two top CS schools in the US but they don't give aid to international students, and nowadays it's very expensive in the US :)
Thats so impressive dude goodluck w the admission! I do have a qs, how were u able to do research w uni students? Ive been looking for an opportunity like that but havent been lucky so far :/
 I once knew someone who helped me sign up for a research program at their university. I also reached out to many professors, expressing my interest in participating in their research and volunteering as a high school student. I would suggest starting to email professors now; it's summer and many of them would be working on their research projects. Tell them about your past experiences and interests, and if you get lucky, you might get a position.
never thought cold-emailing professors in pakistan would work but i'll give it a try! thank you :)
np, Although I didn't receive a reply from most of them, fortunately, one did reply :)
That's crazy dude! How did you manage all of that?
It's not even that good bruhh 😭
only worrying thing is the 7A in o lvls. i myself had 7A (along with a b and a c) and i got in end of may last year, my sat was 1520 though. good chances hain just hope for the best and goodluck
I dont know lums are being very weird with their admissions, honestly people tell me that if you have a 1450 plus and you dont mess up much else you have a very if not definite chance of admission but that is just chatter so i dont exactly know maybe i am overreacting?
They are right. Just wait. You’ll get in inshallah
you'd most likely have a better chance if you were to apply with A-levels rather than O-levels
Ywah but that means a gap year most of the time and thats not a good idea at all
Apply abroad as well. Good Pakistani universites are extra competitive just because of the lack of them.
Its a lot easier to get in a higher internationally ranked university abroad.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d454vt/docs/
So i have a little bit of a situation. I dropped out of another uni and applied to lums as a last resort. I havent gotten my acceptance yet. But the previous uni still has my original documents because im facing some probs related to clearance. Now i wanna know when do u have to submit your original documents to lums. do you have to when you go to the campus after admission or do you have to right after acceptance. Im rlly worried 
You need to send email of equilence of olevel and alevel if you haven't gotten alevel result yet then you give it once you've received it.
You should use ask admission or call them for clarification
im of fsc bg

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/
Hello everyone. Do the financial aid decisions come sharply within 4 to 6 weeks or they may come after six weeks?  It has been about five weeks since I have submitted my FA application, but the decision hasn't been communicated as of yet. Those who know, please guide.
bhai 6 se ooper tou nai huwe na😭
RemindMe! -2 day
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2024-06-02 06:04:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-02%2006:04:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d451bm/financial_aid_decision/l6ftndr/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d451bm%2Ffinancial_aid_decision%2Fl6ftndr%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-02%2006%3A04%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d451bm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42gtf/only_for_those_who_are_planning_to_give_sat_in/
Hey SAT aspirants! 🎓 If you're planning to take the SAT in 2024 or 2025, this is the group for you! Join our WhatsApp group to access tons of free Digital SAT resources, share your queries, and discuss strategies. Get exclusive guidance from high achievers and learn tips for acing the exam. We also provide insights on applying to LUMS and other international universities. Resources for the SAT can be scarce, so let's pool our knowledge, support each other, and guide each other to success. Together, we can achieve our dreams! Ready to boost your SAT score and get into your dream school? Join us now!
Link 🔗 
https://chat.whatsapp.com/FFj6jTf65q3FBxUPvOavKj

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d42ejx/how_would_one_deal_if_their_lums_dorm_room_were/

grab a fork, stab the lizard, eat it, save the head and pin it to ur wall to spread the message to other lizards never to fuck with you
funny but unhelpful
well, for a serious answer, i would say bait it with apples and trap it, then call exterminators (if LUMS has that facility? idk my hair's turned grey stressing over admission decisions) to extract the lizard?
Bait a lizard with apples?! Dafuk 💀💀💀
lizards eat apples. slices, not with seeds, small amounts tho.
Won't ask you how you know that. Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).
&gt;Won't ask you how you know that.

simple experiment when i was a child.

&gt;Only seen em catch flies with their tongues (yuck).

that's....the chameleon?
No dude (now you're bringing back some awful mental images). They also have sticky tongues. Seen a butterfly get swallowed that way too.
thanks, although i’d be out my room as soon as i spot one (God forbid) so the exterminators will have to do everything from the trapping to the killing
I think you can make good money by killing chipkilis for others like a hitman , all you need is a broom and clients.
if such a person existed i’d be their top client
Its the Chipkali's room now. You just live there.

I have an pellet gun which I use to take out the pests. Its good practice and I don't have to get too close incase the little shit decides to jump on me. The worst part is sweeping it up on a dust pan and throwing it outside for the cats
U can dm me for assistance and i’d come to save the day!

Online emotional support ($5)

In-Person emotional support ($25)

Online how-to exterminate L*zard advice ($15)

Physical L*zard extermination by our best huntsman ($60)
&gt;by our best huntsman

By our only huntsman* 😂
Uhm, well 👉🏻👈🏻
[deleted]
you’re a lot braver than me I fear bcoz the most i’d be able to do in that situation would be to run for my life
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
its a hostel, not a 5 star hotel
yea, get it. but when you pay 4M to an institution yearly, they are somehow obligated to make you feel at home and prioritize your comfort. how are we supposed to study at such an unhygienic and pest-infested place? especially when many of the students suffer from entomophobia among other reasons. Simply, we got enough on our plates to worry about especially when it comes at the expense of leaving your family for the prospect of education at a completely alien place.
Ask the chipkali, very politley, to divide the fee of lums since it's living with you and im pretty sure it'll leave 😭
I prefer the country mouse though iykyk
eat that shi**
im wheezing! i thought hostels are supposed to be carefully exterminated and anti-bug zone?
they better be cuz i can’t be found anywhere near a l*zard
oh, so you're asking too? I thought you were experiencing it first-hand right now.I am not sure, though, but it is as reputable as LUMS defo should, but then again, Pakistan has more species of arthropods/ reptiles than mammals.
yup i’ll be starting this fall and my top concern is just the lizards so just wanted to see what to do in this perilous situation
I guess you'll have to face your fears :)
Visitors are allowed in dorm rooms?!?!?!
Call us at LUMS as we are also lumsian. we will kill all lizards after all 2 nafallon ka sawaab kon chorta ha.
i will take this offer seriously
**ok We will charge 50 cents per lizard**
i shall pay happily

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41ngx/dsat_scores/
So I sent lums my scores through CB and they arrived by like 28th of March and I got my offer on 20th of April. But they are still asking me to send the dsat scores in the letter. So can I just ignore that or what? 
It’s just a generic acceptance letter with all requirements on it. If you have already sent it via CB you can check it off the list.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d41apx/rejected_people/
For the people who got rejected how did u find out like what was the email
I don't think anyone is rejected as of yet. They're just sending acceptances as of now
No bro there are rejection my friend got rejected last month
Some people uploaded their rejections way back in April search in the subreddit you'll find them

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d40n4y/equivalency_submission/
How and where should I submit the equivalency?
Email them the Equivalency at admissions@lums.edu.pk
Do they respond when they receive it? I just sent my equivalency on their email.
Automated email. They don't respond or anything.

It doesn't really matter for o/Alevel students. As it's just a formality to fulfill HEC requirement

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/
Please everyone be truthful n honest here, cuz the results of this poll can impact a lot of students/aspirants.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d3z7qm)
RemindMe! 1day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-31 08:43:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-31%2008:43:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ara7b/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ara7b%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-31%2008%3A43%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
RemindMe! 2day
have aid decisons started coming out?
Yeah, for those who got admissions in the earlier lots...
One of my friends got 100% off on tuition.
His financial background? give a little sketch if u can... thanks!
He is an academically exceptional student who studied on scholarship throughout high school (although your FA has nothing to do with academics but just giving a background). He belonged to a typical middle-class family. His father has a job in Dubai and he has three siblings. All of their household expenses are covered by his father's monthly pay; there is no other source of income. They live in a joint family and do not own their house or other family assets. They don't own a car but do have a bike. They had no savings in bank accounts and had only one AC, and that's all ik!

He was smart, and LUMS has always been his dream school, so he worked hard in high school and got accepted to LUMS' most competitive CS program in the first batch. He didn't let his financial worries get in the way and secured a 100% scholarship! I'm so proud of him! Love you, S.
I was accepted at lums in first batches (19th April) in EE. I also have one AC at home. 5 Marla home. No cars but two bikes. I've also studied at 100% schoalrship throughout my Alevels. I'm awaiting my financial aid decision.family already in debt. Parents are both teachers
Congrats on your acceptance! I hope you get your desired aid package (✿◠‿◠). See you at LUMS! 😍
Decisions ana hi 19 ko start hoay thay acc. to LUMS ap 17 ko kesy select hogaey.
Sorry pa jee. Ghalti hogi. 19th ko hee acceptance Aayi thi. I just re-confirmed on portal. It was 19th April infact 🙏.

Im sure you must've gotten on 19th too so that's why I see you've remembered it pretty well 👍🌟
na yaara wesay hi mein heeran hoa koi baat nhi jab marzi aey hoon select toh hoay which matters MASHALLAH
Decisions started being released on April 15th, not the 19th.
Ask the same question to Lums they will tell you due to eid holidays decisions started coming in late April (acc. to lums ) and 1st batch was released on 19 th april
Well, I received my decision on April 17th. Many people I know also received their admissions early, so it's not true.
Check your conditional letter 19 April would be mentioned on it . I've not seen any acceptances other than the fake ones before April 19.Lums would not be wrong about their own decisions date.
When did he get his Aid Result?
He called me last night and told me about his aid package.
RemindMe! 4day
I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2024-06-06 07:28:11 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-06-06%2007:28:11%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3z7qm/so_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get/l6ql3es/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3z7qm%2Fso_how_much_financial_aid_did_you_manage_to_get%2Fl6ql3es%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-06-06%2007%3A28%3A11%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3z7qm)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3yo08/fccu/
i have a question like people who have paid registration fee and administration fee for fccu cuz of its deadline and they are still waiting for the admission! where are you all ? have you made any community or a gc ??? if yes then please let me know and add me cuz my anxiety is at its peak tomorrow is last date for confirmation of seats and im still confused 
Hmm
Hmmm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3x3xx/ms_business_and_public_policy_interview/
Any advice on what types of questions that they ask?
It's important to be prepared for a wide range of questions during your interview. These might include inquiries about your Statement of Purpose (SOP), your research experience during your Bachelor's degree, your college experience, your passion for the program, your choice of LUMS, your future goals, and more. It's crucial to answer these questions sincerely and avoid giving generic responses. Your tone should be persuasive, conveying to the interviewers that you are genuinely invested in the opportunity. However, it's important to strike a balance and not come across as overconfident. Confidence is key, so remember to be yourself and stay composed.
Did they call you OP? When? 😭😭😭
Email today
Could you share a little bit about your credentials..whatever you're comfortable with..


Also I'd recommend watching the lums b and p podcasts on YouTube..they share tips from the admissions committee what they're looking for.What they said is ''keera hona chahiye for doing something good in the world'' and that they will ask you things from your ps to see if it matches up with what you say in the interview and if you have written it




Congrats op.Youre living the dream.Best of luck.
Thank you! I actually completed my bachelor's from SDSB too 2 years ago, and couldn't find a better option for graduate school in Pakistan than LUMS hahah. Thank you for the advice!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3jz7x/how_many_admissions_left/
Does anyone have any idea about how many admissions have been given and how many are left? Because its already almost june and alot of people are waiting. The total intake is 1100-1300. Going off of that what do u guys think? 
the acceptances are literally released randomly without any specific criteria and will continue till end of july
Pretty less people on Reddit, so people might be getting admissions and are not reported here
Acceptances can come literal days before o week starts
The lums community here is just a fraction of the whole lot of undergraduate admission aspirants. If we are not seeing admissions posts here doesn't mean that people are not getting admissions lol.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3ie4p/may_ending/
Do only those applicants get acceptance after may 30th who were placed on the wait-list or the ones not put on the wait-list can also get accepted after this date?
All the acceptances aren't even out yet. You get wait listed in after mid June and July. And yes you do still get admissions
bhai dua karo mera liya bhi aur apna liya bhi , 30 se le ke 2 june tak ajai uske baad mid se waitlisted hota hain
bhai relax hojao easy scene hai pichle saal mere dost ki july me acceptance aye thi

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3hwmq/getting_a_little_concerned_now/
Although  I am giving Alevels composite and my expected grades are A* A*  A and C but my internal(School) grades were A* B D D (I am an A* student but due to SAT prep was not able to score well in internals ) , will this create issue for my admission  in HSS .
I had 2A*4As and 3B in Olevels . 
ezy scenes inshallah ajai ga .
❤️IA
Same case. Got 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS Level. But due to NUST entry tests in March &amp; Feb, I messed up my internals. Although I've already gotten into lums, I just hope my final A-levels grades are not messed up😭😭

I'm also awaiting my fin aid decision
Brother hogya toh phir koi masla nahi , idher ai toh sahi ,fin Aid toh mil jai ge on finacial conditions.  Admission  ajai bas .
Inshallah brother. I really pray all my homies get in. Manifesting meeting y'all at lums. Inshallah 🙏🌟🌟
LUMS looks on ur olevel and SAT Alevel isnt looked upon that much

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3gcvr/print_mailing_label/
What is the purpose of mailing label ?
When you have to send a parcel to lums, you stick it on the parcel.
Ohh thanx

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3g0t7/lums_mba_acceptance/
Hello. Has anyone got acceptance for MBA? How much time would it take regarding decision of the admission?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3fns7/do_i_have_a_chance/
1300 SAT , 5A\*s and 4As in olevel , A B C in alevels , good ecas , one gap year

I'M SUPER FRUSTRATED AND TENSED AT THIS POINT:(
School?
SSE
Well, your SAT score is bit low. Otherwise good chances
ya... anyways umeed pr duniya qaim hai:)
Yes, i am doing that too
may we recieve acceptances in the coming week .. Insha'Allah
Bro LUMS ki date nikal gai hai?
kis cheez ki?
Just hope for the best, i know waiting is so tiring :(
ya but tension is constant due to the uncertainity:(
i agree and i feel the same but hoping for the best is the only resort:(
Low chances bro
lets hope for the best

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/
So I got admitted into BS undergraduate program at SBASSE at LUMS last month, the problem however is that I really want to get into Computer Science major. However, as stated in their pamphlet, there are only 200 seats available. Now, i wanted some advice; preferrably from someone doing computer science, how hard is it to get into computer science? What are the total number of seats per batch in SBASSE(i just wanna figure out how many people would be competing for the 200 seats). I was also wondering, will it be a problem if in my A levels i did not take Computer Science at all? I took bio, chem, physics and math. But in o levels i did do cs as an extra subject too. I would LOVE if someone could please help me out :)
!remindme 24 hours
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-30 13:31:18 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-30%2013:31:18%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3c0bn/getting_into_computer_science/l667fsk/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1d3c0bn%2Fgetting_into_computer_science%2Fl667fsk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-30%2013%3A31%3A18%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201d3c0bn)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I would like to know too though I would assume that majority would want to go into BSCS.
aesa tension mereko kahe nahi milta😔☺️
Bahahaha yaar medical chhor ke iss field mein ghuss raha hun tension leni parti🥲
🤣🤣🤣same scnz...medical me kuch nahi raha...sed loif🫠🫠
Ahhh true plus i REALLY dont wanna give that stupid mdcat itna faaltu system hai😭😭
dawg i am already dead...i can understand...imagine mbbs k bad kya haal hoga when the entrance exam sucks your soul🙏🥴...everything is shitttt man

"kya itna bura hu me maa'😭
Brooo istg mere se tou lcat aur lsat mar mar ke diya gaya hai mdcat kia khaak dun ga💀💀💀plus no point in medical agar cs field mein bhi utna/zyada paisa hai🥲🙏🏼
ikr...best of luck buddyy

kaafi ragra lagega 😭😭😭but ig we premeds can survive anywhere😂
Hello, I'm currently a CS major. You getting a CS major depends entirely on your performance in your freshman year. Particularly in CS100, Cal 1, and Linear Algebra.
My batch has around 350 people (SSE) and roughly half are CS majors. There has been an increase in the number of students in recent years, I would guess around 400. 

I didn't find it that difficult to get a CS major but I do know people who struggled with it. Again, it comes down to your performance in your courses. Regarding the A level thing, it doesn't matter whether you took CS or not.
Oooohhh okay thank you so much! This was a huge help honestly. I’ll focus on my studies as much as possible ofc but its a relier to know all this, and that thing abt a levels too :)
No biggie. Lemme know if you need help with anything else.
If you give attention to your studies and perform well in CS 100, Math 101, and Math 120, it is easy to get ahead of your peers in the first year and secure your seat. The main reason is that many students are not serious during their first year and waste their time.
Ohhhhh okayyy thanks a lottt! I understand some people may not be serious, but i can at least secure my own seat in this way :)
My experience with CS was not good in Alevels and for that reason  I AM OUT ,  
on the other hand Cs is competitive and today almost everyone wants to do it thus you'll need to compete and maintain a very high GPA almost near 4 to get into that program . Best of luck for your future endeavors .  
(Ignore my Shark tank dialogues but you get the idea )
Ahh i see! A level cs is tough is what my friends have told me, but in lums if i wanna do a major in BS it has to be cs, ofc it’ll require a lot of hard work i was just trying to estimate how much competition there will be. Regardless, thanks a lot :)
Nah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d3btgm/admission_email/
Haven't received acceptance from LUMs. First preference SSE second preference MGHSS. 1400 sat, AS 3as 1b, O level 8a* 2 a. Gav LCAT and science test as well. Is it a good call to send them an email of continued interest and ask them for an update as I haven't gotten acceptance?
Ohh bhai wtf teri kyu nhi ayi
khud samajh nahi aa raha kia scene hai
I think LCAT ki weja se abhi nhi aya. Abhi tk Kisi LCAT wale Ka result nhi Aya Most probably 
You’re definitely getting in. The only way you might not get an acceptance is if you completely messed up your entry tests. However, I’ve heard that if you do really bad at those, they conduct an interview or something. My suggestion would be to take a chill pill, and yes, send them an email of continued interest. Good luck🤞
If he messed up in LCAT then his SAT would be considered . He is getting in for sure.
Bro randomly aygi cuz kafi meme dehki lower creds Ki bye aye hai tou chance hai tumara bas 31st July taak saber karna hoga inshallah ajye gi. BTW have you heard from anyone jinke ache grades tei but still unki acceptance nahi aye?
Me 

expected grades sent from school A lvl AAB
O lvl grades 4A* 3A 1B. Sat 1380

I think it was enough to get in but ab doubts hore
I hope I too get in mere AAB As , o levels 4A* and 4A, SAT score 1310. SDSB and MGHSS
I don't think sending an email would help. I sent a similiar one to ask them for an update. This is what they replied: 

"With reference to your query, this is to inform you that admission decisions are made between the end of April 2024 to July 2024. As soon as the final decision on your application is made we will inform you. We appreciate your patience while we are preparing and sending the admission decisions. For further updates, kindly stay connected to your Admissions Portal and emails. "
so what to do, just wait ?
yes apparently :( that's the only resort
Y’all have amazing creds but are not smart enough to realise that there is no correlation between good creds and receiving an acceptance early. Just chill and wait bro, you will receive your acceptance sooner or later. You could even receive it on July 31st. But I know you will.
meri 1410 excellent ecs 3A star 4 A 2A* 1A expected k saath nhi aai 😀

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d39gio/no_acceptance_package/
It's been a while but I still haven't received my acceptance package. Does it contain the offer letter which needs to be signed and scanned? 
Yes it contains that offer letter and I got my package the very next day maybe contact the admission office
Through the "ask admissions office" on the website?
Haan ya phir mail kardo
Should I pay the fees etc till it arrives?
Yes
Bhai mera bhi gum gaya ha, unhon ne mujhe scanned copy of acceptance letter bhej di ha.
Damn, I'll just wait it out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38aix/i_have_not_received_my_o_level_equivalence/

You don't need to. Just submit it when it comes. But do submit it ASAP when it comes.
im having the same issue, but with my matric attested documents. deadline's tom, but the boards asking for 7 working days to attest the transcripts. will they give a deadline extension or will my admission get revoked?
the same happened with me, i just emailed and told them and they asked me to just submit it when it arrives ASAP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d38478/email_or_portal/
I wanted to know that do our portals get updated first or do we receive an email of our decision pehle?
Your portal gets updated first then after a day or two you receive an email of acceptance.
Which one of you is right
None ,phela acceptance toh ai.
They come at the same time
I didn’t know the portal but I got an email after which I checked the portal
My portal was updated before, then I got an email a few days later.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d33jkw/lums_postgraduate_program_for_english_literature/
Hi everybody, I just wanted to ask if LUMS offers any postgraduate program for English literature graduates. I just went through its list of postgrad programs, and the closest one I find is an MPhil in Education and Leadership. If you have been a LUMS student, what do you suggest to a literature graduate to pursue in LUMS for postgrad?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ws2d/can_someone_let_me_know_if_my_subjects_make_me/
My subjects are Buiness, Maths and Physics. Can I get admission into the accounting and finance program?

Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2nmgt/sat_scores/
I got my acceptance in april and people say that you have to send your SAT scores through college board. However, it is nowhere mentioned in my conditional offer. Should I send them or not?
If that was true, they would have emailed you. They always email if there's something wrong, so don't overthink.
Are you from matric/fsc stream?

Because those with O/Alevel were instructed in their offer letter to send in SAT score by May 30th
yup. i guess thats why
I would say send it. Better safe than sorry
I think it is mandatory to send the SAT score via CB.  
according to them: " **Official SAT scores** of all applicants must be submitted by the testing agency, i.e., **ETS**, directly to the LUMS Admissions Office. Applicants must request ETS to send a direct report to LUMS. The college code for reporting SAT scores to LUMS is **0513**"
check ur emails and read ur conditional offer. if they need it they will ask u.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2mov2/sdsb_acceptance/
Is there any legit acceptance yet in SDSB for MS Program? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2j8rl/financial_aid/
can anyone who has filled out the financial aid form tell me what documents they ask for in document checklist.
Creds pls sat score?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2ecg1/help_regarding_fee_challan/
hello 

I just got accepted into LUMS. alhamdulilah. Can someone tell me till when can i accept the offer and till when can i pay the fee challan. My fee challan hasn't been generated yet.
There will be a deadline on the fee challan once it is generated. Same deadline for accepting the offer
Did you apply for Aid? If not soon and they give about a week or so time
what were ur credentials?
Admission  is truly coming at random times ,if this true that you got it in afternoon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cz1b/submission_of_supporting_documents_in_conditional/
For the conditional offer part, where do you have to send the transcripts &amp; certificates? do we have to send the documents by post to their mailing address? Or is there some email address or section in the admissions portal where we have to upload them?

  
Some people are saying that the "Print Mailing Label" tab is popping up on their portal but mine doesn't display anything like that. So if the supporting docs are to be sent online where do I send them?
nah u just have to send the attested document via courier...just paste the mailing label on it.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2cl0q/aik_hi_bar_na_ker_do_bhai/
Lums bhaiya ye bar bar survey bhej k troll q ker rahay ho 🙃
I haven't received the link this time. :/
does that mean smthin or is it just random
that's what I'm trying to discern
Bro random hota hai chill kero
rejections ayi bhi hain logo ko?😭
Aayi to nahi pr wait kr rhy hain🤧

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2adzn/second_options/
Lums has always been my first choice. I had decent creds but now I am losing hope day by day. i'll be giving IBA's interview for round 2 as I am exempted from their test on SAT basis. If I fail to qualify in IBA as well, what is the scope of LSE's degree?
Bro you will get admitted to lums soon,in sha Allah.No need to worry.
what are your credits?
sat 1330
matric 96%
fsc 83%
13-14 ecas
decent ps
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
I have 83 % in matric but 92 % in fsc i wanna know my matric would cause me trouble or not ?
I have seen people with lower creds getting acceptance so dw. But it’s good you have back up plans.
Why are you losing hope? Decisions come out till 31st July, so don't worry. Do well in the iba interview and stop overthinking !!
Keep hope alive! You'll make it to LUMS IA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d2aak2/acf_from_iba_or_econmaths_from_lums/
I have applied for ACF from SDSB as my 1st preference but no acceptance is making me have negative thoughts. 
What should I do of I get accepted for my 2nd preference in HSS.? Should I go and do Econ+Maths?
OR
Should I apply in IBA for ACF?
you dont get the econ math major as soon as you're admitted, as far as i know only the top 30 students from the HSS Eco section get to choose that. If you're confident in your ability to secure a 3.4-3.5+ GPA every sem then go for Econ Math, imo its a far superior and super flexible degree in every way when compared to ACF.  The beauty of this degree is that you can specialize in either Data Science/ Analytics if you take some CS courses and declare a minor in that, or you can even go towards the Financial Analysis/ Investment banking route if you take some finance related courses etc.
I agree with the rest, but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream. After the meeting, prerequisites, and the threshold, you can easily get into this stream without necessarily being in the top 30. However, I do agree that it is one of the most competitive streams in HSS.
&gt;but I don't think that only the top 30 students from HSS are given the Econ Math stream

Top 30 applying for econ +maths stream.
Thanks man. I hope I get it.
can we get into that stream later on..since we have a year to declare our major/
yes you can after meeting the threshold required

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d27h0y/working_part_time_remotely_with_lums_mba/
My organization requires me to remain employed while pursuing a full-time MBA at LUMS. They have given me the flexibility to work remotely on weekends for few hours. Will LUMS permit me to work under these conditions while enrolled in the full-time MBA program?
Yes, that's when the Executive MBA at LUMS steps in. Classes are designed for working professionals and executives, scheduled conveniently on weekends. For more details, visit their website.
Thats what EMBA offer.
However, i am interested in a full time MBA rather than Executive MBA. Therefore, I wanted to know if LUMS allow its students to work or not?
While it's unlikely that they offer such a program because full-time MBAs typically demand intensive schedules and are very demanding which makes it challenging to balance with a full-time job, it's best to seek clarity and authentic information directly from LUMS.
Sure, let me check with them.
Thanks &amp; Regards,
Yeah, you can work remotely. Lums mba won’t stop you from that. However, the workload is intense, so working on the weekdays isn’t really possible, on the weekends you have some time so yeah
Sounds good, Thanks!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d23rmp/lums_undergraduate_admissions_mailing_label/
I opened my portal and saw this 
LUMS - Undergraduate Admissions
Mailing Label
Please use the following label while submitting your supporting documents to the Admissions Office.

Did everyone get this? And where do i send the letter?
i thought it wasn't necessary that ive submitted everything online so why need the mailing address
I got this as soon as I submitted my application. I ignored it tho
What is mailing label in lumsNOP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1uilz/how_long_after_an_interview_do_you_get_your/
i had an interview for SBASSE
Depends. My friend got his acceptance two days after his interview.
I got it one day after my interview
What they have asked you in your interview and your ans? .It depends upon interview if your interview went well then expect your decision In this week otherwise pray.
It has been 12 days and I still haven’t gotten the decision

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ubr2/need_advice/
What backup law schools should I apply to Incase I don't get in?
Dennings

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1trpm/bba_from_iba_vs_eco_from_lums/
Got my acceptance in HSS today, and I have already cleared IBA's R1. 
I want to do entrepreneurship after graduation, so which one will be suitable?
Should I go for LUMS rn and do MBA later on?
Congratulations on your acceptance! I'll offer some very honest advice. For instance, BBA is often considered a dead-end field. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. As far as LUMS is concerned, it's the best school for economics in Pakistan. The faculty is world-class, with most of them holding PhDs from Ivy League and other top schools in the US. The research being conducted is at another level. In terms of entrepreneurship, LUMS is renowned for it. They have an entrepreneurial culture similar to that of Stanford and UPenn. So, in my opinion, LUMS is definitely the way to go. See you at LUMS!
Check DM.
what were ur creds for hss?
Sat 1380(M: 760 &amp; E: 620). Good ECAs. Strong PS
O level and alevel?
Nah inter PE. 
Part-1 81%
Matric?
87%
Econ from Lums
Reason?
Depends on your goal. If you want to study further or go abroad then Economics is better. If you want to start a job right after graduation then BBA is better.
Econ from LUMS. You can do the same BBA jobs with a LUMS econ degree with the extra benefit of having studied a technical subject for which you can go abroad for master's. Another benefit is that you can switch your degree once you are at LUMS if you start the process as soon as the semester starts. Also, you'll have more chances for research work to improve your academic credentials at LUMS. Better societies and student life at LUMS

  
Also, Pakistan mein MBA karnay ka koi faida nahi if you have an Undergrad degree from centeror IBA with good academic standing.

you also mentioned that you want to do entrepreneurship. In that case, LUMS has a better incubation center as well.

The only con of LUMS is its higher fees, so the only reason to choose IBA is that it's cheaper.

You can dm if you have more specific questions

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1srgp/portal_problem/
So I just checked my portal and when you click on the application form I see a “print mailing label”. 
The question is, do I have to send the supporting documents to them in a letter form ? Or does everyone have that on their portal?
I dont have that on Admissions Status section of my portal, but I have the same question. Do we send them the supporting documents (required in the conditional offer) in letter form or upload soft copies on the portal? in case of uploading on the portal, where do we upload them? there isn't any option for it?
You have to send those required documents by Courier Service. Note you must write your LUMS tracking ID on courier package.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1r316/chance_me_for_ssecs/
8 A*s O-level
A level: Bio A, Urdu A , Chem C, Phy C
SAT: 1400

I emailed lums if i fulfil their A level requirement, they said that an average of B B C in science subjects is required thus I am fulfilling it with my A C C however my A grade in Urdu wouldn’t be considered.
So, I do fulfil their min requirement but I’m worried that my C grades may leave a really bad impression. Do i have any chances of getting into SSE or should I give up. (Only applied to SSE no safeties)Also extra curriculars are really good and so is the personal statement.
you have grades equivalent to BBBB by averaging so yeah requirement tou fullfill kar di hai
Could you tell what your EC's were? 'really good' can be subjective
Ok so I was the head girl of my school, president of the music society, 2 software internships, summer school at lums, multiple gold medals in academics, music, basketball, table tennis also 100% merit scholarship in AS. Positions in debate competitions etc.
Ok fair enough MashAllah they are pretty good.
Praying you get in!
Do u think i have a chance?😭
Honestly the process is very random, even though your grades are sub-par based on SSE, your ECs could make up for it if you're lucky. Just keep praying!
can you help me out with software internships?
why won't urdu be considered?
They don’t consider Urdu a full credit subject for SSE
The process is random. Though i had a friend who got into sse last year with similar credentials. If your extracurriculars were good you have a good chance of getting in.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1pya5/requiring_100_financial_aid/
I will be requiring 100% financial aid if I am accepted into lums otherwise it will be unaffordable for me. But from what I've heard lums' financial aid is very limited and the financial aid department is of ill repute. 

Is it possible to secure 100% financial aid at lums? 
There's a common misconception about financial aid at LUMS—it primarily covers tuition fees. Your aid adjusts based on your financial need and available resources. However, it's important to note that accommodation, meals and supplies, lab fees (for SSE), one-time admission charges, and other miscellaneous expenses are not covered, and you are expected to pay for em.

For those aiming for full rides, LUMS NOP is the way to go. As a NOP scholar, you receive a generous 120% scholarship, meaning you won't have to pay a penny for your LUMS education.
Mostly  100 percent would be if you had no home and belong to rural area . Very scarce chance to get 100 PERCENT  financial Aid . It depends on your financial conditions .
If you have car/bike , proper home and did Alevels or IB ,most likely not 100 percent but you will recieve what they think you can afford easily and rest would be the Aid .
We do have a car and our own house plus I did o and a levels so...
Brother NO chance of 100 percent Financial Aid clear cut as that . But you might get some Finacial Aid depending on your financial situation.
Like how much approximately? Do u have any idea or have u seen anyone with similar background as OP's getting any aid from Lums?
5 Marla home 
2 bikes out of which one is on lease 

Here's per month breakdown 

220k monthly household income 
40k spent on bills (internet, gas, water, electricity) 
60-70k spent on food + groceries combined
15k spent on petrol for bikes 
5k my A-levels fee (I'm on 100% scholarship for alevels so only pay lab charges) 
15k spent on servant salary 
20k loan repayments 
25-30k on medical supplies/doc fee (parents are diabetic with grandmother a patient of brain strike. 
20k spent on loan repayments 

Long story short, we are left with 10k savings at the end of month as we roughly spend 210k max to meet your ends and that too in tight range . Do I stand any chance of fin aid?
Brother I am no financial Aid  expert but I am sure is that whatever  financial aid is given , it is divided into two parts, one part is wavied off and the other part is interest free loan which you'll have to pay back later .
Secondly Aid will be given but will it cover 5% ,10% or 50% tuition fee depends on the evaluation done by the committee. 
Thirdly, student loans are very common abroad , people take out student loans on low interest rates to pay tuition  fee , IN MY OPINION (not 100%sure) Lums will most likely guide you too to take external help from commercial  banks if you need more aid
.
As you mentioned  you are already into debt , this might help u score high on Aid . But only if you have good grades . 

Best of luck ,may Allah guide you and make your path easier .
that's definitely not true and whatever you have said is baseless
brother first you need to know that financial aid only covers the tuition fee and nothing else, which means you need to pay for your food and other miscellaneous expenses. Secondly, financial aid depends on your need the more or less you need it will be given.
Is there enough aid for middle class people? because 70-75 lakhs is such an amount which even most of the middle class families cant afford... does Lums consider this fact?
As I have said aid is given on a need basis and is highly subjective a lot of things are considered like your bank balance, your savings, the assets that you own, your income source, etc it's a very complex process, and after doing thorough verifications and concentrations your aid package is given it might be tuition fee wavier ranging from 20 to 100% off on tuition or maybe tuition wavier along with LUMS interest-free loans and some other package maybe. in the end, only the LUMS financial aid department is qualified enough to give any kind of judgment on this topic
have u seen any middle class people getting good aids?
yes many, in fact 40% of students at LUMS are studying on aid

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1nweg/sat_score_mandatory/
To everyone who told me SAT scores can be sent after admission:  I contacted the university, and the last date for the submission of test scores officially (through CB) is 30th May for everyone, not just the admitted students. 

If anyone is making the same mistake I was, which is waiting for an admission to send the scores, please do so now. 
did you get it rushed submitted ya normal
same, want to know if normal will be okay rn
i just called, they said if you have not received your decision then there is no deadline, so you should send it through standard shipping so its considered as a part of the evaluation
Weird, they told me to be evaluated it was necessary to send the SAT scores officially and before 30th May. I don't understand the disparity.
I did normal and then sent the invoice via email.
yeah, doing the same
Is uploading the official sat score result to the portal not enough?
Apparently not, you have to do both
Wait I thought you just had to upload the score screenshot on the document section of the application?
They need to be more forthright about these things, I too found out about this yesterday. 

I'd recommend sending them the official ones asap.
Well that sucks. It's $14 for sending the scores, lums really has no regard for students' financial wellbeing
is 30th May for all students or just for the admitted ones?
To me they said 30th May is the last date to send the SAT score for admission evaluation. But to someone else here they said there's no deadline but you do need to send it to be evaluated. So there's no clear answer except it's necessary to send the scores officially.
Can we still submit if we hv given LCAT?
Yes u can though I think the latest score that's allowed is from March 9th SAT
I have got my acceptance and nobody has asked me to send it through college board yet.
When did u get it?
April
You have to send it. Check conditional letter
Nowhere mentioned.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1ma1k/any_recent_acceptances_for_hss/

I’m waiting too
does 1290 sat give a good chance for hss econ stream provided other credentials are good?
Depend on ur olevel grades too
Waiting with 1360
what about a 1470?
waiting with 1500
got in with a 1240
What were ur olevel grades?
See pm
Yup. Got mine a few hours ago.
Cred:
Sat 1380 (M: 760 &amp; E: 620)
Good ECAs
Strong PS
o/a level grades?
Matric 87%; first-year 81%
wow. nice congrats.  
im waiting with a 1330.  
hope i get in i.A
I.A

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1m38f/upgraded_admission_decisions/
does anyone know anyone who got into both their second and first preference? I applied for HSS 2nd and SSE 1st, got into HSS in the first batch but nothing from SSE yet. Please let me know 
Same happened with me. I heard ke you get revised offers. What were your creds?
same happened with me
Credentials?
7A\*s 2As 1330 inSAT i think bcs of the SAT i couldnt get into sse :(
I had similar creds with 1390 SAT. We might get in in 2nd round. I know a lot of people who had SAT less than 1300 and are in SSE, so dw hojayega. Your olevel is v good for lums
what were yours credentials
6A* 2As in Olevels and 1390 SAT
R u still not in?
No, i got in econ but not in SSE
9A\* 1B SAT 1360 2 researches n community services n debates n drama awards wbu?
How does that work ? 
So, do you guys pay the fee and confirm your seat in HSS , or are you given a waiting period ?
How do you know you will be given a  revised offer or not?
I got into hss as my first preference.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1jcss/aid/
I know that getting accepted and getting financial aid are completely independent of eachother, but does it help in getting financial aid if you have a very good profile?
No
nope. independent committees. financial aid solely depends on your financial condition.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1arf2/acceptance/
Anyone got their acceptance today or yesterday?
You do know that these posts won't fast track your application?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d1abqt/school_transfer/
Hey, so wanted to know that if someone’s been accepted into some LUMS school say SAHSOL and got some scholarship say a 100% and now wants to transfer for to another school say SDSB. What’s the procedure? Is it possible? Would the scholarship be cancelled? 
I heard it's really hard to transfer schools, especially if you are going from SAHSOL to SDSB
Yes, you can switch schools in LUMS. To transfer to SDSB you need to take at least three SDSB courses and also get good grades in them. You can then apply for transfer at the end of your freshmen year, the administration will consider your transfer application based on your CGPA and availability of seats, your GPA would play a deciding factor a GPA of 3.5 or above would guarantee your transfer.  
hope this answers the question
Thank you, that was really helpful.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d13nop/about_financial_aid/
I am seeing people are receiving Selection or Rejection Mail but i have not received anything yet. What does it mean? What should i do? I am pretty sure i am not receiving it but still want to know..
It just means different people have different timelines for when their decision will be released.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d10mcn/confidentiality_about_being_on_aid/
hey guys I wanted to ask any current LUMS students or people with friends there if people can find out which students are on financial aid openly. For example, do they have any separate queues in places or are they restricted from accessing some facilities on campus? Basically, if the fact that they are on financial aid is confidential or not? I understand it is a sensitive topic and people may not want others to know they are on aid, especially in an environment such as LUMS.
There's no such discrimination and nobody knows if you're on aid or scholarship etc.
are u a student there?
Yes
Hi yes in lums if ur on aid u have to wear a green bag and carry a green water bottle the same is for NOP students. It so lums can show off its generosity to new investors. People on aid can only acess library at a certain time and there are seperate queues for them at pdc to fast track their service. The hostel aid students get are also different the rooms are mostly beside the humidifiers so its hot there and the bed and cupboards are old/ broken and alongside that this is completely satire no1 knows if ur on aid / scholarship u arnt treated differently
Nearly gave me a heart attack
lol okay thanks
You almost had me with your elaborate LUMS conspiracy theory! I was ready to debunk it ( in a brutal way ) until I spotted that cheeky disclaimer at the end. Nicely played! Lol
Rage bait lesss gooo
Sure, the university itself never discriminates with the aid students when it comes to the quality of education, the services, or the opportunities at one's disposal. Apart from the finaid/finance, this info is never exchanged with any other department or person.

However it's a completely different ball game when it comes to the social aspect of the "LUMS life" for an aid student. The aid helps you share a classroom with the privileged but sadly there exists a certain life outside only for the ones who can afford it.
I have mentioned in a thread above that the uni doesn't discriminate and while I 100% stand by it, the finaid department is surely a pain in the ass. The uni's policy of fairness and discretion on the whole gig is really commendable but somehow they have employed a couple of arrogant assholes who think they are dishing out money from their own pockets.

Once they organized an event just for financial aid students as a photo op in the largest auditorium on campus which was basically an hour long circle jerk serving as a reminder to how "fortunate" you lot are to get this "privilege". Tried to get a couple of sob stories out of the kids as well, which obviously no one is comfortable to tell unless coerced. 

My friend who was also on finaid was sick that day and couldn't attend the event. He had an OSA petition made up with a valid doctor's note and copies of prescriptions and forwarded it to the Finaid department asking them to excuse him from the event as apparently attendance was mandatory for finaid people.

Nest day he was called to the department. The lady refused to listen and did not care about the petition, all the while talking in a condescending tone. She threatened him as well k " I don't think you realize how fortunate you are, agar aap ko nahi chahiye aid toa hum kisi aur ko de detay hain, humay koi issue nahi. You could have made it to the event and then went back home."

And don't get me started on the aid qualification system that you have to go through every year. It's a complete black box. Even when your financial state has deteriorated, you can never be sure of your aid will be continued or not.
thats really sad tbvh... Lums should actually consider the fact that their fee isnt very normal, 70-75 lakhs is such an amount that even most of the middle class families cant afford, yet alone the lower class... and as far as I've seen and read on this subreddit... there's not that much of an aid at Lums for those who belong to the middle class section of the society (like those who own a house, car, etc..) which is very unfortunate..
was this event introduced last year only or does it happen every year? doesn't it beat the whole idea of getting aid being confidential then?
did you just watch CLASS or ELITE series , Nah man it does not work like that . Nobody knows and infact nobody cares what someone is doing
I've seen both of them, LOL! And I know there's no exaggerated class divide at LUMS like in 'Gossip Girl'.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zu8w/gap_year_student_and_lums_admission/
Are gap year students given admission later or there is no such thing?
No such thing
No such thing. Know gap year students who got it on the first day.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zgwg/o_level_subject_selection/
Hi 

It m choosing O Level subject . At the moment selected maths/Physics/CS/ Economics. 
Should info for business or commerce too. Are these high impact or low impact subjects. 


How is economics in O level......too much theory or conceptual. 
bhai tu idhr kya kar raha hai
I'm assuming you're from Pakistan, since you're posting in the LUMS subreddit. Maths, English, Urdu, Pakistan Studies, and Islamiyat are compulsory subjects, and you need to take three or more extra subjects of your choice.

The most common subject combinations include Physics/Bio/Chem OR Chem/Physics/Computers OR Business/Econ/Accounting. The subjects you're planning to take seem to be all over the place. I would suggest you to stay focused and choose your subjects carefully according to what career or degree you want to pursue. 

As for Economics, it is largely conceptual and not that hard of a subject if you're genuinely interested in it.
Go with sciences if you are not sure what you want to do in the future. Personally I was sure that I didn’t wanted to become a doctor so didn’t choose bio, instead opted for computer science, physics and chemistry.  But if you are 100% sure that you are not interested in working in the sciences field than you may choose humanities. But this is risky for the future. Like I mentioned depends on you what you want to do just remember that you will be unable to change the past so be careful in your decision.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0zcro/lse_for_back_up_need_advice/
https://preview.redd.it/6hhlquyear2d1.png?width=1888&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=603f173c29da2214d6a5385374d93574db15840f


jiska koi nai uska lse

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ylfp/is_there_a_chance_to_get_accepted_in_lums/
I have 87.6 percent in matric (aga khan board) and 81.45 percent in inter (sindh board). I have participated in science and math competitions as well. I write urdu poetry too.I don't have too many ECAs but quite a few and in different fields. Is there any chance to get admission in LUMS...
Depends on your SAT and which school you are applying. But FSC on low side

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0y2oa/sahsolmghss/
Haven't seen acceptances from these 2 schools from the start of may. Is there a chance that we will start to get acceptances from these schools now or most of them have been accepted?
Dont know about Sahsol but I think HSS  main aik masla hai , Most of SSE and SDSB students put HSS as their second pref thus if they don't get into 1st pref they are given admission in Hss but most likely jisne SSE jana hai woh at the end Nust , Fast chala jai ga bas abhi time waste karega taking over the seat till he gets into NUST ,FAST ,GIKI etc ,
So the ones who have HSS as their 1st preference Mai get in later when these people leave their seats right?
yeah , I hope so,  as a person with 6As and 1st pref HSS  should get in but due to SSE applicant or 8As applicant with 2nd pref gets in .   
second factor is fee , Lums gives approx  10 day time period to pay fee without financial aid ,I think so the sse applicants not in mood for Hss are forced to Pay or leave the seat .
lets hope Hss give our admissions by 30 the may or 1 st,2 nd June

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ukcz/only_sahsol_people/
Drop your creds whether you got in or not.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1d0ukcz)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0qfj4/admission/
Has anyone successfully got admission to LUMS after completing O'levels as a private candidate?
Only grades matter, school or being private candidate doesn't
Yes, that doesn't matter.
As a rising senior at SDSB, I can tell you right now that it doesn’t matter at all. My third year of Olevels was private too. The only thing they care about is the grades.
What were your grades?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0mt1t/are_financial_aid_decisions_start_to_come_out/
Hello. Submitted my fin aid form a month ago. Glaced over few posts claiming fin aid decisions are coming out. Those who go their decisions, comment below. I really wish all my bros &amp; sis seeking aid do actually get the aid package they need. Stay hopeful ❤️🙏😭
they don’t release them like the normal admissions. they don’t come out in batches, every application is handled individually and decisions come out over different timelines
People have different timelines for FA
Any update?
No yet brother
What was ur cl date of FA submission
Ig 25th April if I'm not mistaken
Submitted my fin aid application on may 3rd and still waiting for a reply.
let's hope for the best bruh

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0d8cs/are_any_new_decisions_coming/
Guys are any new DECISIONS coming or the batch in every school finalized. I have applied in Political Science in LUMS. Any updates specifically on that? 
They will keep coming till end of July
They will keep coming till end of July
There will be new acceptances coming very soon I believe, it's because most of the deadlines of fee payments have gone now, also FA decisions have started to come up as well, so if someone doesn't qualify for then then it will be most likely that they choose another option, so very soon lums will get to know who will join them from the acceptances they sent earlier, once clear they will probably send new acceptances

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0ctx9/did_not_qualify_for_financial_aid_need_advice_on/
I honestly don't know why we did not qualify because we don't have any land or those kind of big assets and we did provide them all the documents showing how we do not have a huge amount of money left over. My parents will basically loan my entire fees and they don't really have a problem with that but I feel terrible obviously. 

I thought of nust but I only have one shot at NET and barely 2 weeks to prepare cause cies end like in june.  

(for context I am going to be doing engineering)

Any advice on what I should do?
lums isn’t worth the price tag if you can’t afford it comfortably, please look for more options, i believe GIKI and NUST are still viable. FAST can be good too
On what data are you basing this? As an employer I can tell you a LUMS graduate is far more sought after than any other university in Pakistan.
That's definitely not true, LUMS is well worth the money. Just like you can't expect the luxury of driving a Bugatti with a budget-friendly car, you can't anticipate attending Harvard, a prestigious university, with the affordability of a community college. Superior experiences, whether it's driving a high-end car or pursuing education at a top-tier institution, often come with a higher price tag.

The sooner you grasp it, the wiser your decisions will be.
I may be sailing in the same boat as you. I got my acceptance on 17th April. Filled financial aid form on that day. They've contacted me twice for further docs &amp; did verification calls. Now is 5th week going on. I'm hoping to receive my fin aid decision too soon. Did they email u? 

Also I'm also prepping for Net. I did net 2 &amp; net 3. I'll be giving net 4. I'm now experienced enough to guide u on how to prep for net after yours cies. My last CIE was 24th May tho. Anyways for NET, u need to "GRIND FSC KI MATHS AND PHYSICS". I did net 2 &amp; 3 couldn't get desired score cuz I "CANNOT SIMPLY DO RATTA OF MATHS FORMULA IN AND OUT" 

To sum up, I really really wish I could go on and join lums if fin aid doesn't become a problem. At the same time for prepping NET, I'm also wrecked down by FSc ka syllabus, ratta cramming content, things that are "exculsive" to FSc syllabus and we as alevels students NEVER studied etc. 

Life is giving us constant lemons. Surely we gonna make lemonade and sell on stall (garmi Mai leemo paani zyda bikta hai)
Yes they also emailed me. My other issue is how i want to pursue biology and fsc biology is VASTLY different than alevel ones. Uska ratta is nothing compared to the rest of subjects :/
Once you're in LUMS there are going to be many options for you, you could get a merit scholarship depending on your academic standing, and can also apply for financial aid again or secure external funding, etc and trust me the education and opportunities you would get at LUMS won't be at other universities of Pak. It's definitely worth the money!  
I wish you luck!
Hey! Lums will never give you the BEST in education. It's a network building institute. That's all there is to it. It's a place high scoring kids should definitely give a go to, but only if they can afford to or get scholarship. Warna to bilkul faida nhi hai. 
GIKI is GREAT. Also, please please please get into an affordable university, and enroll yourself in online courses that could strengthen your cv and give you an edge over others. It's SUPER important.
its pakistan honestly i dont have much options... FAST and GIKI have their own issues with gpa and time tables (according to students from their). I looked up NUST kai reviews and basically all students said they wished they went to LUMS
It depends on what kind of a student you are. If you've always had things served to you, you'd definitely want to go to Lums. Lums main networking achi hojati hai. Education k level main farq nhi hai.
I got admitted to LUMS and FAST. I left LUMS for FAST and I have no regrets. Completed my 2 years
LUMS only offers Electrical Engineering, do keep that in mind when making your decision. NUST, GIKI have much better engineering programs than LUMS by nearly all metrics, though for the sciences LUMS is a strong contender.
they also have chemical engineering
your FA decision came? When did you receive your admission and when did FA came? Did you receive an email?
the financial aid decision came for me today
He said CIES. Clearly a borger yet still saying he can’t afford.
Ok so if a person is doing O/A levels he/she can basically afford anything and everything according to the this retard.
There is a very huge difference in o/a level fees and lums fees. Go take out your anger issues somewhere else 
Bro friendly fired 💀
Yeah haha but I think they must have replied to me by mistake so no worries
You should read carefully before making a comment
Difference of what? You do realise you could pay for any uni and it doesn’t necessarily have to be a prestigious one, with the amount of money you spent to get your A/ O levels diploma. And somehow I’m the one with anger issues? Grow up, sheeple. You’re so brainwashed and I bet it would be wonderfully liberating to only see things the way how you want to see.
You got that right, dense head. Because my remark was truly laced with sarcasm. And the fact that I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you says all. Y’all need a lot of character building before coming on here with your little keyboards and lashing at people. Grow up. And even if it was meant as a joke I made a good point. You entitled, spoiled brats can afford 30K exam funds for each subject every year but are financially handicapped. If those welfare administrators really start seeing everyone from your eye then I guess half of the middle class families who can afford luxurious are eligible for it. That’s not how it works in the real world. You need a reality check starting from everything you’re being ungrateful for and hence considering yourself worse than others. There are people living under poverty line in the country you reside, and you think you deserve it more than them? How woefully misinformed you are. And yes, CAIE curriculum is the most expensive high school curriculum and you knew you would be prone to such experience where you won’t be able to afford undergrad education. Yet you prevailed being as arrogant you are just to be more posh and sophisticated than others. And where did it get you? Had you chose a curriculum which was affordable, you would’ve saved enough to pay for your tuition dues for college. Not only that, you won’t be grovelling reputable universities to admit you. Because then you would know that these prestigious universities are a mere facade and bring you no good. You would know the value of each dime you so recklessly splurge. You would know that any public, government university is as good as those with high reputations. But go on id love to see you spew more of your logical fallacies. But who are you even lying to? Because by choosing this shallow path based on “ more money spent= higher quality of education” not only did you suffer but so did your parents. If you still think you deserve “financial aid” you should’ve applied for a scholarship, I’d wager OP would do that much or less any of you. Because you want your tuition to be payed by government and in return you don’t want to contribute anything. Oh hell, because as soon as you are done with your undergrad you would very conveniently get on a plane and leave this country, disparage it on the basis that it still doesn’t provide you enough.
bro why r u so pissed-
Yea I’m pissed? Because you got called out for your petty choices. Like I said before I don’t even need to try to offend snowflakes such as you. The comment was satire, nonetheless the point still stands. Maybe you shouldn’t  have paid 30K every year in exam funds for each subject, if you really wish to pursue education in this university. A word of advice: apply for scholarship instead of financial aid, that way you get what you deserve and not leech off other people’s rights. I’m not your enemy, I only mention your shortcomings to make a point.
What about IBA? You still have a month to prepare if you know your basics
isnt IBA business? I am pursuing engineering. Also my parents will not let me go to karachi-
Yeah its buisness and cs only! If planning to go for buisness instead its best 
Well nvm then
bro check dm
Hi, how many weeks after the submission of financial aid application did you get this message from lums and did you get this notice via email or on the portal? 
Around 3 weeks. The notification was on portal and email
Wait when did you receive the mail? I applied as well and haven't received any mail yet idk why
BRO WHEN DID YOU SUBMIT THE FA APPLICATION AND AFTER HOW MANY WEEKS YOU GOT A REPLY?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d0buku/admitted_into_another_uni/
I'm going to cut straight to the chase: I've gotten admission into fccu which is my second choice university and they have a payment deadline for 31st May to confirm the admission but since lums is my first choice and I haven't gotten an acceptance or rejection yet, I don't know what to do. Should I go for fccu or ask them for an extension maybe? Lums is being a real a$$ because the amount of time they're wasting of us students is ridiculous.

Help and suggestions would be appreciated.
same situation
honestly id rather go to the other uni agr lums ne yehi harkat krni hai
Ehhh only smart people stuff. I was gonna apply to LUMS also now I realise what a debacle it would’ve been. Besides, wasn’t admission deadline like in January? Why haven’t they announced anything yet?
the decision come out within the time span of 15th of april to the end of the july
Asking for an extension is a good idea. If they don't listen then you could either risk it for lums and not go to the other uni or play it safe and go to the other uni
I think they will most probably extend the submission date cuz i think they still accept students till mid of june (kam se kam for CS people)
Pay the amount. You can get refund later. HEC policy means you get 100% tuition and security refund up to the 7th day of classes.
On the admission letter it says only security is refundable
FCCU? Check again. Its HEC policy. Might be if the particular date goes forward.
after much thinking mujy to yehi samj aaya ha Pehli baat to lums is not wasting your time Lums ka merit high hai to screening process bhi lengthy hota hai To admissions July k end tak aate rehte Dusri baat, fccu ki extension maang lo, although I think nahi mile gi Uss mai phir ye scene hota hai k admission fee aap de dete ho lekin semester fee nahi dete, k baad mai first preference mai admission mil gya to udhar hi jana hai Lekin lums ka Jo muje pata hai wo admission k saath semester fee bhi bej dete hai, FCCU ne bhi agar aise hi kiya hai to abhi decide karlo fccu jana ya lums ka intezar karna hai Lums ka kitna chance hai given your matric, fsc, and SAT scores. Wo dekh lo agar lagta hai k LUMS se admission offer aa jaye gi to fccu ki fee na pay karo Agar mushkil lag raha hai to ez ho kar fccu ki fee pay karo or lums ko bhul jao
Harvard is the #1 university in the world and probably gets thousands of applications but even they don't take months to give their decision. Lums' admissions team is just lazy. But thanks for the advice, I appreciate it!!
yeah i get it lums is being pain in ass what else reason left to argue
lums is better by a landmine. fccu ki SIRF parahi achi ha that's it. lums has all of that and more, it's definitely more expensive but it's also worth the hassle in the long-term. try to figure out financial aid programs and scholarships in both before you make an actual decision though.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d09i15/applied_to_cs_program_of_lums/
does the students who have applied for Lums CS get early admission offers since it i sthe feld people apply the most 
It started along with other schools offers in April
Nope.
No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d08kmr/sahsol/
Did anyone receive an acceptance in SAHSOL? ive been waiting for far too long at this point
Same but now I am thinking that decisions for SAHSOL would come when everyone has given and submitted LAT in June
Makes sense but it is eating me up inside, did anyone of your friends apply for SAHSOL? because i dont know anyone who got in sahsol tbf
I don't know anyone personally who has gotten in yet however, I have seen extremely few people who have gotten in and most of them had law school as second preference so ig they gave them admission early so they can give upcoming LAT
A friend of a friend got in
what were his creds?
Some people have.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1d065ju/will_admission_be_revoked/
Hi, I got in to political sciences at LUMS this fall hut unfortunately i missed my payment deadline for conditional offer by 15 days💀. I believe my admission has been revoked. Is there any way at all to get back from this or is my admission completely removed?
bro does not care about lums 💀 
on a more serious note: contact the finance dept and koi story daal do but it’ll be difficult considering it’s 15 days 😭
to be fair tho, i did have A level exams and i take 5 subjects so on multiple days i had three three exams on the same day, morning evening and afternoon🫡 Ig ill contact admissions office this coming week and ask them then.
haan as a student that makes sense to me too lekin lums admission office ko kya😭 goodluck though
Thanks boss🫡 pray for meeee😭
will do jee. hope to see u in sept
bro dont wait and email them abhi wtf
You are cooked! Deep-fried! Burnt to a crisp! Well-done! (Meant that in restaurant terms)🔥♨️🍖🍞
ouch 😭😭
give them a valid reason for missing the deadline. they'll accommodate
Is being busy in exams a valid enough reason😭 or do i need to kill off dome distant relative🗿💀
no wtf, make a better story 😭
Bro do you mind sharing your credentials? I applied for Pol Sci as well.
if by credentials u mean my sat and stuff then yea i had 8As in O level 3 As two Bs in AS with a 1290 SAT.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czzgj1/lums_walo_acceptance_dey_do/
now I'm not gonna bring up my credentials but compared to the people who have mentioned it under this sub reddit, I know I've done better than most. I got in last year but couldn't go due to personal circumstances. And now, I'm scared at this point honestly. I don't want to disappoint my parents a second time and I've most certainly dreamt of going here my whole life. I'm just checking day after day for a new update. I feel so disappointed. 
Tension not man. Hojayega
Yai batao Kai are you on a gap year and which program u applying for ?
yes and sse
Don't worry kid, you're going to make it. Mark my words
confirmed janati just confirmed they're janati. thank you for this. these might be the only best words of encouragement I've ever heard from someone.
bro admissions waalon ko email kr k status nahi pooch skte?
I don't think they'll know the individual status of possibly 18k+ students that applied from all over the world

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czw2uv/chance_of_getting_in/
Olevels 3A* 3A 2B, SAT 1430,  Good PS and average Ecas (mainly sports related) 
Olevels Equivilance: 87%
Alevels predicted (Midterms): Chem A Physics B Maths C
Applied SSE First Pref and Sdsb 2nd Pref.
Chances are fair imo
Olvls result is the main problem as Lums Avg is 8As and i have only 6 (3A* 3As)
Bro your SAT is very good you can easily get accepted you need 8 Bs minimum inO level you can easily make it i have seen people with 6A 2B and 1330 SAT being accepted just wait for the decisions
Last year and the year before that, I have seen many students get it with such grades
But this year mostly they have 8 A*/As in olvls and if not they have 4 or 3As in As composite
I am giving A2 exams so i only have predicted grades A B C of Midterms
No bro this is this year's results as well I have seen giys with 4As being accepted you just need minimum Bs don't stress it and predicted grades are not important rn
Chalo dekhtain hain,  hopefully will get an acceptance soon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czrsor/hss_admissions/
has anyone received offers from hss in the past few days?? 
Haven’t seen
or anyone at all on first preference? i’ve only seen 2nd pref
there's barely been any in May that i've seen, let alone on 1st pref
Ive received an offer from hss on first preference.
when did you get it?
Last month i guess 24 april.
Congrats! 
When did you receive the offer and what are your creds?
I received ieved it last month. I had 95% in metric 85 % in fsc first year and 1450 sat score.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czpscp/student_loans/
Guys lums sdsb keliye student loans ka kya scene hai? Please give details.


Also if I maintain a good GPA this semester do they reconsider you for merit scholarships ya that only happens for new admissions?
Its not maintaining a high gpa, your gpa has to be in the top 3 people for your batch in your school to get 100 percent merti scholarship and from no4 to number 15 get 50% merit scholarships. And its for one year only. So u have to repeat the process for next years, the top 3 usually always have 4.0 gpas and the cutoff last year for sse I believe was 3.89 for the 15th spot
Chalo I’ll try my best please pray
any idea what the cutoff was for sdsb last year?
LUMS does give interest-free loans for those in need.   
And yes merit scholarships are given after maintaining a certain high GPA per semester/year. You can also apply for financial aid after the end of the freshmen year.
How much gpa is that i u can tell an estimate
U didnt apply for financial aid or u didnt get it?
I don’t really qualify for financial aid so I withdrew
Whats the criteria for qualification actually? I also have the same doubt that whether I'm even qualified for it or not.. can u tell me how did u find the answer for yourself?
Basically the form was really in depth from your Internet connection, clothing expenses, LPG expenses to your bank statements, travel receipts and much more. There isn’t really a criteria for qualification but after going through the form I could see how they wouldn’t consider me at all.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czml1i/chance_me_once_again/
3A* 5A 1B Olevels, 2 a 1b AS level, 2A*1 A predicted A levels, 1410 SAT,(gave LCAT as well which went avg). Good ECAS. Applied to SSE. Abh to admission mushkil lag Raha
"Call upon me and I shall respond"(Al-Quran). I am unable to understand that why u people get into hopelessness so easily.Remember there is khaiirr behind every delay.Mash Allah your cred are way too good to get u in.Trust the process ;trust Allah's plan.See you soon at lums in sha Allah.
IA brother. Thank you for such a great reply!!
InshAllah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czlnaj/accomodation_process_help_needed/
anyone who has gone to lums please help me out
i applied for accomodation along with my application in january. however when i got the accomodation letter it had many ambiguities with regards to logging into zambeel. i dont have my roll number yet to log in to zambeel and it stated the process for students who had not previously applied for accomodation. i haven’t paid my fees yet for the semester or the hostel. what is the process from here? do i just pay it and then log in ? also the portal has only one space for entry of documents for tuition fee payment proof not for accommodation?

i reached out to the accomodations i emailed them and they confused me even more by saying “reach out one week before freshman classes, currently rooms are not available online for those that did not apply” but i literally did??

i dont want to lose my accomodation it would be very unfair considering i applied in january and i’m paying the fees by next week


If you received the hostel fee voucher, your accommodation is automatically booked because you chose that in your appliaction. Its written somewhere in the letters. 
And yes you don't have to upload the hostel fee voucher after paying it.
then how will they know i have paid it and secured a place??
and second, i emailed them with my applicant email and they said “accomodation is not available for online application get in touch before commencement of classes”??

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czjnw7/sdsb_future_prospects/
hi guys plz don’t judge for the lack of enlightenment, but when applying to lums I chose sdsb even though I didn’t know if I wanted to do a management science degree, I am very conflicted when it comes to what I wanna do. Mainly because I had planned to go to abroad to do a psych degree but now it that is kind of out the window. I often see people mocking business degrees for being useless and I rlly hope that isn’t true. 
You can do a minor in psych along with a management science degree and later do master in psych if you want to further pursue it after your Hons.

I didn't know what I was doing when I got accepted but eventually found my way. LUMS gives you diverse course choices and electives that opens up a lot of avenues for you which you can later pursue as you find your vibe.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czj0no/lums_cs_vs_nust_cs/
What's better
Nust k Cs ki kab se value hony lagi? Third class uni! Tum logo ne he sar pe chrhaya hai is ko aur bhagay bhagay lumber 1 ki uni me jaty ho admission leny!
I agree; Nust is overated.
nust obviously
nice username
thanks
" nust obviously " 🤡
how's lums any better? 
for cs or ee? 🤡🤡
This audacity of yours makes you nothing less than a clown 🤡
my God
you're entitled 🤡
Entitled? Nah, just living up to my standards
RemindMe! 1 day
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2024-05-25 12:06:10 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-05-25%2012:06:10%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czj0no/lums_cs_vs_nust_cs/l5gk83q/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FLUMS%2Fcomments%2F1czj0no%2Flums_cs_vs_nust_cs%2Fl5gk83q%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-05-25%2012%3A06%3A10%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Delete%20Comment&amp;message=Delete%21%201czj0no)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=Reminder&amp;message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&amp;subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&amp;message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&amp;subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[removed]
LUMS can help, but it's not a magic ticket to success. It's all about your skills and hustle. LUMS might give you a boost and valuable opportunities, but it's your hard work and smarts that really count.
There's no match for LUMS in Pakistan
"no match" likha aese hai jese puray Pakistan ka chakar lgaya hai bhaiya ne
har field ka hisaab different hota hai bhai
[deleted]
only the one dripping from the tight unholine$$ of yo mama, after I ravaged her the whole night (she loves it)
Alright you're definitely an a$$ though 😂
well I'm not the one deleting my comments

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czic7i/yay_got_in_yesterday/
Hey everyone, I got in! So don't worry, you'll get yours on time. Just pray and hope for the best, and everyone of you will get in.👍
Congratulations. Creds?
Matric 90+
FSc 90+
SAT 1350
SSE
Great PS
Good ECs
Did you give lcat
Nope
I got in as well. We actually have the same credentials lol. I just gave LCAT instead of SAT
Haha, lol. When btw, if you don't mind me askin'?
I received the email on 22nd May
Nice! GL dude👍
Thank you. GL to u as well
I have the exact same stats, what time did u get urs
Congratulations. Creds?
Which school 
SSE
Can you show how the portal looks when you have an acceptance?
You have an admission tab pop up
Did you apply for financial aid?
Yeah. That's the problem. I actually didn't😬
MashaAllah congratulations
Thats the main reason behind recieving your acceptence on time.Only few who they applied for aid have recieved their acceptence.
I didn't know it affects on your decision 😭
Same here
I received my acceptance two days before. I applied for financial aid as well
Credentials and school?
95% matric
91% fsc
Gave LCAT AND SCIENTIFIC APTITUDE TEST
Applied for SBASSE as priority
Is there anyone who still didn’t receive their admission decision? And is there smth like a quota being full
khao kasam !!
Maaf ki jiye 👁️🫦👁️👍
Can you tell us at which time?
how does everyone get notified on the decisions?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czi1o0/lat/
When was the last date to apply for LAT have i missed it is there something i can do
You’ve missed it. The deadline was 20th May. I don’t think there’s a way around this.
Did you get your acceptance?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czevsz/financial_aid/
Can someone pls share fee voucher of SBASSE this year? I want to have a rough idea of their fees


last year it was around 921,420 for the first semester and 637,560 for the second semester (not including any hostel charges)
they charge u for 18 credit hours for the first semester and if u take any less than that the fee will automatically be adjusted for the second sem
note: it will be greater this year, you can find the exact amount on their website
Oh yeah i found it ty

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1czeadp/any_update_about_financial_aid/

bump. im oso awaiting

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz66px/ms_supply_chain_retail_management/
Anyone here received the interview email for the Ms SC&amp;RM program? 
I did, interview was yesterday
I have my interview on Monday

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz39s3/admission_timing/
What time is everyone getting their acceptance at usually? Ive seen 5pm regularly except for the very first acceptance batch.
Yaar kuch pata nahi I also check the portal at random times daily
Thats the issue man Id like to check it once only 🥲🥲

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cz2pfl/hows_the_gym_at_lums/
Do they charge a fee? What are the timings? 
Nope, there's no fee for the students, and the gym is fully equipped and outfitted with high-quality machinery, is fully air-conditioned, and is regularly sanitized. The timings are from 8:30 am to 12 pm.
The gym’s open for only 3 and a half hours?!
Nahi bhai 10-11 pm tak hota hai
Wohi mein kahun yar, thanks😂
there might be a change rn but last time when I checked in it was from 8.30 to 12 pm
i think u mean 12am
12 pm
Better than the gym at lse😭
Gym is outclass. Is open till 11 pm in the night
boxing equipment hai?
Great and no there isn't a separate fee. Idk about the timings
Thanks!
How much can you bench bro ?
Im a girl
Powerlifter ?
Umm not really a powerlifter tbh.
Still 225 bench is really good for a girl mashallah keep it going. Mine is 265lbs. How much training experience you have?
3 years
Bruh 😱mine is 4 years and I am 20 at the moment.
&amp; thankyou
That is kinda insane ngl. Are you physically big/tall?
Im 5’9
More INSECURITIES lol
Bro always got humbled whenever I open this sub 😭😭😭😂😂. Ig I should kms
Nah let's just ask for tips. We still have 2 months to grind
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA whyyyy cmon
Man I have been stretching my limbs and what not 
 still I am 5'2. I seriously look like a 14 year old. Plus i do believe I am still gonna grow. Ok.
Can you recommend any exercise or smthg
There is actually no exercise to get taller. :(  I am genetically tall so thats that. Dont worry tho, maybe you might get a growth spurt soon
My father's 5'11, siblings 5'9..guess I am adopted then
That much weight is still pretty good. You do deadlifts too or no?
Pretty good??? DAWG most men cant bench that lmao this shit is CRAZY good
Lmao yeah, I'm working up to there though currently at 80kg
80 is pretty good aswell whats your weight?
I'm  a 6 foot/183 cm 18 y/o male weighing110kg (💀). I started from 120(obese obviously)  last year(though got sick multiple times which fucked my progress a lot) and I've been doing weights mostly. 

I look a lot slimmer now and weight is slowly going down as I'm getting stronger too


My greatest thing yet is getting to 180kg deadlift. My legs and back are strong but I'm working on biceps now.
I dun deadlift because Im not allowed to. Ive a injury in my lower back. :((((
Aw that's unfortunate. I'm on 80kg bench press rn, which isn't much at all.

My pride and joy is my 180 kg deadlift though, hoping to reach 200 soon
80kg is a lot, cmon. I hope you hit that deadlift PR soon!
Thanks, hopefully I'll get upto your bench and beyond soon. And I'm just waiting on some plates I ordered to arrive so I can get work my way to 200, rn I can only fit weights till 180 lmao
I haven’t lifted in a while because of my injury btw :(
Why dont you join a gym?
A 225 bench press is classified as elite level for females weighing around 70 kg. Nigh on impossible to do for non-professional female powerlifters
Bro currently hitting 50kg for 7-8 reps, started going to the gym 7 months ago
Good good aapka admission hogya? If yes which school and creds cuz I am waiting for mine. My creds sat score 1310 ,AAB As level , 4*A and 4As in o lvls.
Which school
[deleted]
Nope, there's no fee for the students, and the gym is fully equipped and outfitted with high-quality machinery, is fully air-conditioned, and is regularly sanitized. The timings are from 8:30 am to 12 pm.
Answered it uper
Hows the swimming pool? And are there any charges for that?
I’ve seen the swimming pool, it’s fantastic. Dunno if there’s a fee for it though
The gym’s open for only 3 and a half hours?!
No fee.
Nahi bhai 10-11 pm tak hota hai
Are there any swimming  instructor if we want to learn?
Wohi mein kahun yar, thanks😂
It’s pretty good, and if you’re an incoming freshman then you’re lucky because it was renovated as well last semester. Has just about all the equipment and machinery you could possibly need. There’s no separate fee and it usually opens up early in the morning around 7 or 8 am and closes at midnight.
there might be a change rn but last time when I checked in it was from 8.30 to 12 pm
I read that there is a separate gym for girls. Any idea how that is? Is it equipped well and renovated as well. Are there any timing limitations?
i think u mean 12am
The timings are the same for both the male and female gym. My female friends tell me that the female gym isn’t as well equipped as the male gym. There’s fewer machines and apparently the dumbells only go up to 20 kgs. But again, I haven’t seen it for myself so can’t say for certain.
Okay
12 pm
Is there a trainer?
Better than the gym at lse😭
Executive or normal?
Gym is outclass. Is open till 11 pm in the night
boxing equipment hai?
Great and no there isn't a separate fee. Idk about the timings
Thanks!
How much can you bench bro ?
Im a girl
Powerlifter ?
Umm not really a powerlifter tbh.
Still 225 bench is really good for a girl mashallah keep it going. Mine is 265lbs. How much training experience you have?
3 years
Bruh 😱mine is 4 years and I am 20 at the moment.
&amp; thankyou
That is kinda insane ngl. Are you physically big/tall?
Im 5’9
More INSECURITIES lol
Bro always got humbled whenever I open this sub 😭😭😭😂😂. Ig I should kms
Nah let's just ask for tips. We still have 2 months to grind
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA whyyyy cmon
Man I have been stretching my limbs and what not 
 still I am 5'2. I seriously look like a 14 year old. Plus i do believe I am still gonna grow. Ok.
Can you recommend any exercise or smthg
There is actually no exercise to get taller. :(  I am genetically tall so thats that. Dont worry tho, maybe you might get a growth spurt soon
My father's 5'11, siblings 5'9..guess I am adopted then
That much weight is still pretty good. You do deadlifts too or no?
Pretty good??? DAWG most men cant bench that lmao this shit is CRAZY good
Lmao yeah, I'm working up to there though currently at 80kg
80 is pretty good aswell whats your weight?
I'm  a 6 foot/183 cm 18 y/o male weighing110kg (💀). I started from 120(obese obviously)  last year(though got sick multiple times which fucked my progress a lot) and I've been doing weights mostly. 

I look a lot slimmer now and weight is slowly going down as I'm getting stronger too


My greatest thing yet is getting to 180kg deadlift. My legs and back are strong but I'm working on biceps now.
I dun deadlift because Im not allowed to. Ive a injury in my lower back. :((((
Aw that's unfortunate. I'm on 80kg bench press rn, which isn't much at all.

My pride and joy is my 180 kg deadlift though, hoping to reach 200 soon
80kg is a lot, cmon. I hope you hit that deadlift PR soon!
Thanks, hopefully I'll get upto your bench and beyond soon. And I'm just waiting on some plates I ordered to arrive so I can get work my way to 200, rn I can only fit weights till 180 lmao
I haven’t lifted in a while because of my injury btw :(
Why dont you join a gym?
A 225 bench press is classified as elite level for females weighing around 70 kg. Nigh on impossible to do for non-professional female powerlifters
Bro currently hitting 50kg for 7-8 reps, started going to the gym 7 months ago
Good good aapka admission hogya? If yes which school and creds cuz I am waiting for mine. My creds sat score 1310 ,AAB As level , 4*A and 4As in o lvls.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyxnrs/is_economics_degree_really_worth_it/
What r the future prospects for an econ graduate is it really worth the time and money?
If you care about money, go for some STEM degree. Economics is a very important field and a degree from LUMS is a good starting point. But I guess in this field you will have more success after getting a graduate degree because it is kind of research oriented field. I have not studied economics, just some general idea about the field.
it is not the degree that is worth , the question that you should ask is "am I   really worth for Economics? Economics have many prospects , great future prospects , every degree available at lums is Future proof and worth it. It is how you make  most of it.
well i don't think so smone shall opt for econ unless he has no other optn

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cytpy6/centre_at_lumsnop/
Being a Karachiite, I have applied at LUMS-NOP. If i get's selected will my classes be held in somewhere in Karachi or i would have to travel to Lahore for tuition. Please can someone also elaborate what is this training gonna be for?
the NOP session will be held on the LUMS campus and everything will be paid by LUMS except conveyance.
Will i be required to stay in Lahore for a complete month?
YES
fine, Can you please tell me what are they gonna teach for a month?
I don't know much but it's a summer coaching session and candidates will be shortlisted for LUMS online application for more info you can ask LUMS directly
fine, Thanks for your time brother.
They will prepare you for LCAT. Mostly fun activities 
ohkay, Thanks for your input. btw, is it true that they will cover each and every thing except my travelling to Lahore?
I just know that they will give you food coupons. You should ask it from an nopian or call lums 
okay, thanks.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyto9p/can_anyone_confirm_if_they_received_confirmation/
Can anyone confirm if they received confirmation for LUMS 2024 MBA so far.
Did anyone receive anything yet?
When was your interview
21st
Not yet. Did you receive it? Mine was also on 20th May.
No I didn't receive any either 😅
Tou bhai darao tou nahi.
Bhai ma to khud dara hoa ho ma kse ko kia drana 😅
Fr man.. mera iba mein hogaya hai phir bhi i am so anxious
Bhai phr AP k to chill karna banta ha
Nah.. LUMS mein chahiye
Heheh chale phr dua karta ha dono mil k 😅
Not yet mine was on 17th
Fingers crossed 😅
Was the interview in person ? Or online ?
In person
In person
In person
Didn’t get it yet. Mine was on the 17th.
Fingers crossed n good luck 😅
Did anyone receive anything yet?
Thanks!
When was your interview
Guys how was your interview experience? what'd they ask? how long it lasted?
21st
My interview is on 4th June. Let’s see how that goes
Good luck brother.
Not yet. Did you receive it? Mine was also on 20th May.
Interviews have still not concluded! This means they called a large number of aspirants.
No I didn't receive any either 😅
Tou bhai darao tou nahi.
Bhai ma to khud dara hoa ho ma kse ko kia drana 😅
Seem so. When did you guys get your invitation for interviews btw?
I got an invitation on the 10th and had the interview on 17th
I believe you were among the first ones
Yes the first person to face the panel too
Fr man.. mera iba mein hogaya hai phir bhi i am so anxious
Bhai phr AP k to chill karna banta ha
Cool. Let's hope you are the first one to get acceptance as well inshaAllah.
Btw how long was your interview
Nah.. LUMS mein chahiye
20 mins
Heheh chale phr dua karta ha dono mil k 😅
Not yet mine was on 17th
Fingers crossed 😅
Sounds good
Was the interview in person ? Or online ?
In person
In person
In person
Didn’t get it yet. Mine was on the 17th.
Fingers crossed n good luck 😅
Thanks!
Guys how was your interview experience? what'd they ask? how long it lasted?
My interview is on 4th June. Let’s see how that goes
Good luck brother.
Interviews have still not concluded! This means they called a large number of aspirants.
Seem so. When did you guys get your invitation for interviews btw?
I got an invitation on the 10th and had the interview on 17th
I believe you were among the first ones
Yes the first person to face the panel too
Cool. Let's hope you are the first one to get acceptance as well inshaAllah.
Btw how long was your interview
20 mins
Sounds good

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cys4xc/is_4a_and_4a_enough_for_sse/
Are these Olevel grades enough to get into lums if u have as a decent day score. 
yes. rest matters on your sat
How much should I aim for. I'm like an average student id say
1450 to be safe for sse. it has been getting very competitive
Okay Jazakallah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyrlr0/curious/
Has anyone got admission in GURMANI HUMANITY AND SOCIAL SCIENCE SCHOOL. I haven't heard from anyone who got in or got any admission email. 
So anyone from u got in?
yes many students got into HSS
bhai hum toh kab se wait kr raha , what were ur creds?
there are many more acceptances yet to come so keep hope alive
Got in on the 25th April
brother creds bataoo.
Al: A*( distinction ) A B C

Olevel: 6A* 2 As

Sat: 1450

Ecas: nothing extraordinary

P.S: good
noiceeeeeee......
Yes my friend got in
creds please.
1280 sat score and I believe in both matric and intermediate she got 84%-86% and good extracurriculars such as being the vice prez of a society, prefect or head girl and representative of a business exhibition and I think she also got a consultant for her ps.
hmm well, this gives me hope... let's see.
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyoknw/software_artificialcsdatas/
If someone does Bs in any of those fields  then can you advise me on what to choose that covers all what type of job I do in the future and what I study 
kia
Go for cs
Ai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyo344/what_do_you_think/
So I have really low creds but heard that SAHSOL has the least merit, so here are my creds: O level, 3A, 5B, 3C (IBCC equivalence is 76%) and 1250 SAT. I got decent ecas and a good PS. So what do you think? Do I stand a chance or not for LAW school?
I would say there is a possibility but it's not high
sahsol is pretty ez to get in , i know students with 1000ish SAT scores get in so you do stand a chance dont worry
the real answer: mushkil hai. even though sahsol is less competitive the average grades of students admitted are 8A and the average SAT is 1350. one can compensate for the other but having both below average is a tough call even for sahsol.
Bro that averages counts for entire lums, if you look for sahsol 8As and 1350 SAT is like a 100% confirm admission but these exact creds may not confirm for other schools
agreed lekin still chances are low i am afraid :( goodluck though!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cynulc/chance_me/
o levels 3A*s 5As
a levels A B D
co curriculars 15-16
LCAT went okish
applied to sbasse (1st pref) mghss (2nd pref)
hope for the best. grades are good esp o lvls but because lcat results are not announced, its a bit ambiguous and you can’t say for sure. goodluck!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cylzn5/acceptances/
Has anyone got acceptance from SSE recently cuz I've only seen acceptances from SDSB?


Yes. I just got it.
When did u get it?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cyhgny/chance_me_pls/
I’ll keep it short as possible, I got 68 percent in my matric, then I got 94 percent in my fsc and in sat I got 1480 do I have a chance for getting admission into Lums (sse bs in computer sciences)
who hurt you after matric lil bro
Society😔
i think 70 percent in matric is a requirement
Where you got that?
idk about matric but there is a requirement it is equal to 6 As in O Level
official website
crazy but goodjob
No chance
Do computer science from FAST or BAHRIA Islamabad. Equally good over there.
Bahria?
Yes, Bahria University. I have a cousin studying there. Hasn't graduated yet and already has so many wonderful job offers.
Had us in the first half
🫡 Don’t know what to say after the first part.
Damn bro got an upgrade 😲

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy6596/fee/
If I give the fee for sdsb but get a revised offer for SSE will I have to regive the fee or is it tranferable
You pay the difference
You pay the difference

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy5lsq/acceptances/
I have applied to the following schools how many of you ppl have gotten your acceptances (order of options = priority)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cy5lsq)
How did you apply to three schools?
Prefrences hoti Ig
Thats for 2 only

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy158f/sincere_advice_needed/
i got into the sdsb Bsc acf program. however, i do not qualify for financial aid, but at the same time my parents budget is limited. they can only pay for bachelors and they have told me they will be able to do so with extreme difficulty. and the condition is that they wont pay a single rupee for my masters or any other education or help me financially after that because all the money will be used up on the bachelors program. they said that if i believe i can support myself entirely after a bachelors from lums then i should go for it. do you guys think that in todays economy one can get a decent job after bsc acf? and work for a while to gather self finance for masters in the future?
Not worth it bro, look for IBA. You'll save 30-40 lac which you can put towards a blocked account in Germany for your masters or pay any initial fee that you may require after getting accepted in the US etc.
i got into bsc accounting and finance in iba for this fall semester too, but lums tou lums hai na and i was thinking k even if i go to iba, its not like i have enough money to self finance my masters even of i save some money by going to iba instead of lums, my main concern is the availability and quality of jobs after bsc acf from lums
bro to be frank with u job iba walo ko ziada milti ha (big city+ huge netwoking)
job miljayegi bro, lums iba jahan sei bhi jao. how high paying it is will completely depend on your networking and skills/ specialization
110% agree to that! 🙌
[removed]
lums isn’t harvard buddy, iba isn’t pomona.
bro agr acha opinion ni dy sakty then there's no need for your hypocritical comment, who on earth would go to IBA after bagging acceptance from LUMS? everybody isn't stupid like you!
Go for it.
need info for MSAI at LUMS
Please look into financial aid. From what I've heard it's a long and tedious process, of course. But it's worth looking into. It'll take a huge burden off ur shoulders. U can try a year at LUMS with aid and if it's not what u expect, u can get a transfer to LSE or IBA. Honestly, while ofc LUMS has prestige and value, at the end of the day, it's just Bachelor's. Jobs will look at ur skills and personality more than your university. And LSE and IBA are vv good unis too. 
Best of luck in whatever u decide! :)
\*iba would be an option lse ain't worth it
Hmm idk I've seen and heard of a lot of LSE grads scoring really good jobs and grad school opportunities 🤔
Bro, though LSE and Habib are also decent business schools, they aren't really good enough to compete with LUMS and IBA, as both schools have a strong reputation.
Dekho I get it Kuch jagao par special packages hotey for ppl Jo nust,IBA,LUMS sei parhey hotey. But dude ITS IBA waha sei Tum exchange program Keh liye apply karna or after bsc job dhundhna with foreign experience and IBA degree u would get a good job but sath sath during bsc kohi small gigs wagera just for random experience kartey rehna
Forget about those discouraging comments about LUMS. Honestly, most of those are from people who hope fewer folks accept their offer letters to boost their own chances and other less-knowing people. It's messed up, really. SDSB is like the Harvard of Pakistan, and instead of hyping you up to go there, they're suggesting other universities. That's some serious hypocrisy. I strongly recommend LUMS because once you're in, there are tons of opportunities. You can snag a merit scholarship based on your grades, apply for financial aid, and who knows, you might even score a fully funded master's in the US, as many LUMS students do. Plus, having a degree from LUMS opens doors in the local corporate sector. Your future's uncertain, sure, but keep a positive outlook. Going to LUMS will definitely give you a leg up, but remember, it's your hard work that'll truly set you apart. Allah knows best.
thankyouu!! this was so encouraging may Allah bless you
I'm glad!
Why You are so helpful and Kind?   
May Allah Bless you.   
May I know your Beautiful Name?
Thanks for the compliment! I'm flattered ❤. May ALLAH bless you too.  
I would be more than happy to let you know my name but the sub isn't private :)  
you can dm me if you want to talk 😊
Didn’t you apply for aid?
no i haven’t atleast not yet
Could you share your creds if you don’t mind
yea sure, i had an internship at dubai islamic bank, a 1 month community service at EDO eye trust, and 2-3 leadership roles at  school activities like sportsfest and muns
Nice what about your grades and sat
i had 6A* 3As in O levels and AABB in a levels and 1380 sat
Go for it. Get some job experience after your bachelors I suggest a minimum of 3 years. The opportunity cost of not attending lums and going for more affordable options nust etc is high. For masters, given the current depreciation levels, your parents are unlikely to afford that too in 5-6 years time.
Go for CA after BS ACF.
Not worth it tbh. Lums is a good university, but it's not that good enough to put all your financial resources into it. Do the same degree from some other average uni with an excellent GPA, preferably a govt or semi govt uni and you'll have even better opportunities than lums. You can apply overseas and you'll make it through scholarships. Bas phir gre and ielts waghairah main acha score karna
I would never recommend it to anyone even if the economy was stable, life is uncertain, it's better to have a backup rather than blowing it all away on a mere piece of paper. Yes, the degree is good but not good enough for your parents to spend everything on it, go for NUST or IBA, NUST, if you ask me because they charge quite low while providing really good education, as for LUMS man, I don't think I would ever make the decision of going if I were in  your position. Well, best of luck.
You'll hopefully get a good job after bachelor's but do consider that lums increases the fee every year and they have confirmed they will continue to do so

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cy0zb9/umeed/
Is there any hope left or has everybody given up?
I've left everything on Allah atp 🙏
i check the portal like i don’t care (i’m gaslighting myself) 😔🙏🏼
Don't check portal I'll suggest.
Jab ana Hoga emai ajayegi.
so real
At first bohot umeed thi.
Thought pakka hojaye ga


Ab portal bhi checking only once in a while 


Allah knows best, agar behtri hai to hojaye
Same.  What are your creds
2A* 5A 2B olevel
2a 1b AS
1 A* 2A predicted alevels
1340 sat
ECs bohot hai
Ps was great
Bhai bohat time hai and it’s 100% not true kay direct admissions have ended so just pray and be hopeful
Haan end to nai huay but haven't seen a proper batch being released for quite a time now
theres no pattern really. aajkal mein theyre randomly releasing ginti ki accpetances.
Chil. 31st July tk time ha.
Main ny list of publications mention nai kia. Kiya main ab mention kr dun?
No hope left honestly
Umeed pe hai poori duniya kayam

Aur ab karte karte grind kyun na badal de hum time

Mind over matter so i hope you don't mind

Seedhi baat jaani na hi jaate daaye na hi baaye

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxxn26/ms_hmi/
I had the interview for the MS HMI today. What's acceptance rate of interview at LUMS?
Really low. Kesa hua interview? 50/50 like everyone else?
50/50 might be an understatement for me. Do they take interviews in a single day or on multiple days?
Multiple days. If your interview went good. Don't worry about it.
What type of questions did they ask in an interview?
Have you received any confirmation yet?
Not yet. Anyone else got confirmation?
Nothing yet
You have any update?
Nothing yet. Let me know if anyone has update regarding MS HMI.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxw122/revised_aceptances/
Do you just receive the revised acceptance or is there a procedure also if you accept original acceptance do you get a revised acceptance?
Its automatic

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxutyd/lcat_and_acceptance/
What have you guys noticed? Have you seen people with SAT get more acceptances or People who gave LCAT get more acceptances? Have you guys noticed a trend of some sort? I want to know whether lums favors SAT students over those who gave LCAT or vice versa
favour ka tou nai pata but jahan tak i’ve noticed more sat acceptances came out at the start. this doesn’t mean lcat ones didn’t, they did as well but only the exceptional ones
ooh 🫤
I gave LCAT and got my acceptance in the very first batch
I did too,  also in the first batch, but this was many years ago.
woah! this year?
Yep
that gave me hope!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxsljb/which_universityschool_is_better_for_business/
The title.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cxsljb)
bro! IBA is hundred times better than NUST business school
Is that even a question? After LUMS its definitely IBA
bro I believe IBA is even better in that case as well, cuz it has a better ROI than Lums... and both have almost equal value in Pakistan's job market (Iba might be even better cuz it has more value in Karachi and Karachi is the economic hub of Pak, hence more opportunities..)

For going abroad, it mostly depends upon the individual, I've seen a good number of students from both of these unis go to some of the top ranked unis in the world for masters...!
facts people dont actually know how great is iba's buisness scl
Both of these uni's are known for breeding different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented plus the city of Karachi adds flavor to it. whereas LUMS is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote a startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector ( thanks to their international accreditation coz abroad they don't care about the uni's name but the accreditation of AACSB ). So, in the end, it's a highly subjective judgment, even though I don't believe much in rankings, LUMS not only tops IBA but is in the top 25 business schools of ASIA.

And the ROI is even more subjective coz the scaling of investment is different for everyone and can vary from person to person so if for you IBA has a better ROI than LUMS for someone else it might not be. ROI is just one highly personalized and subjective factor among many others when deciding whether a college is right for you or not!
But IBA has produced far more entrepreneurs over the years bro... they even have a whole centre dedicated just to that... its called CED. You can search about it. Also u can search about Dr. Shahid Hussain (a lums alumnus himself)... he was the one who alongwith Dr. Ishrat Hussain, changed the dynamics of entrepreneurship in Pakistan through IBA, in collaboration with the Babson College back in the days... IBA is also the oldest business institute outside of North America (established in collaboration with the Wharton School of Business of UPenn) which also makes it the oldest in Asia... 

Therefore, it has a legacy, and the strongest alumni network in Pakistan when it comes to business/finance/accounts fields... 

Secondly, IBA has also gotten the AACSB accreditation recently and as far as the rankings are concerned, the one that u are talking about is the MBA rank of Lums which is #35 out of #48 in Asia...

And if we go by this logic, then NUST has to be the best uni in Pakistan for CS and Engineering as it is ranked under top 150 of the world in these subjects... So I believe we shouldn't just go by these type of subject rankings, cuz they just keep changing... QAU is the #1 ranked uni in Pak acc to QS.
[removed]
bro u need to come out of the "lums bubble" and see the reality urself...

and yeah IBA has produced more entrepreneurs, search about it, search about CED, search about Dr. Shahid Qureshi, search about IBA's collab with The Babson College...

and yeah it has gotten AACSB accreditation... even Sukkur IBA has gotten it... its not that big of a deal anymore...
not saying ke LUMS is bad or anything, just saying ke its definitely not worth that more 20-25 lakhs... thats it... if u have anne wah paisa then go for it.. but after graduating there won't be any difference between u or IBA students, most probably IBA students will even have better job opportunities, since it being in Karachi.... And I've heard these same lines from current Lums students as well... if u want to know more about it, u can dm me... i'll send u the contacts of those students!
[removed]
Bro agar apni taraf se baatein banani hain toh me QAU ko Harvard se bhi behtr boldun tm maan logy? Bhai facts n stats provide krne prte hain apni baat prove krne ke liye... read my comments again... I gave proper references and sources for u to check n research... me apni trf se baat nahi kr rha... all stats are available on the internet...

Your whole point is ke Lums produces more "entrepreneurs" than IBA and thats the only reason its better right? because thats exactly what that guy said whom you're agreeing with.
So I disproved this with clear cut facts, now either u provide counter facts to debunk them, or just accept the truth.

And chalo aik moment ke liye maan bhi liya ke ye baat bilkul sach hai... still it doesn't justify that extra 20-25 lakhs brother... cuz no one goes to a uni to become an entrepreneur... the biggest and most successful entrepreneurs in the world became one on their own, not through their universities... most of them are even drop outs infact...

A better uni should be the one which has better growth prospects for u in ur respective field, a better n stronger alumni network, an older legacy, and better job opportunities and market reputation. 

But anyways, tell me one thing... IBA has a whole department established just for entrepreneurship called "CED", they even offer degrees related to entrepreneurship... what does Lums offer as compared to that? Tell me the name of the dept that Lums has for entrepreneurship, maybe then we can take ur words seriously...
[removed]
Brother it seems like you dont even know what IBA is, cant debate or talk with someone who doesn't even know what he's talking about.. I consider this a waste of my time...

Your whole point of lums being better than Iba was based on lums producing more entrepreneurs, I've debunked that argument with facts... now u dont have anything to provide so you're just talking like a naive person.

As far as the facebook or insta page is concerned, well I do follow both of the unis, so I know what im talking about... also I can say this for sure that u dont even know about the SBS International Conference that is going to happen at IBA and its calibre, cuz that alone is enough to debunk most of ur claims.
I havent applied to any of the unis yet, but a lot of the people in my friends circle did prefer IBA over Lums, even though they got into both of em. Because of IBA's better ROI, Employment opportunities and reputation...

This doesn't mean that Lums is bad in anyway, but its just not worth that extra 20-25 lakhs cuz it doesn't make u standout when u graduate like other top unis in the world do, for example after graduating from any Ivy League uni you'll have way more opportunities and advantages than the graduates of other not so popular unis, whereas this is not the case with Lums in Pak, their cs grads stand in the same line with the cs grads of Nust and Fast, whereas their business grads stand in the same line with IBA grads... 

You also dont have any guarantee of getting the top placements in the country like IITs give u in India...

anyways, it was good talking to u!
Insecurity? 😅 Dude this post isnt even about Lums! It clearly shows who's insecure here ! 🥲
so true iba's sbs is best inn pakistan
Lums suleman school of business is ranked 35 in asia , which is pretty good. IBA eventhough is really good it doesnt compare outside of pakistan. A student studying in lums will have a much better time in getting an MBA at a good uni abroad and even jobs
Lums is ranked #35 out of the #48 total schools in that list... and IBA students as well have gotten into some of the best unis in the world for their post grad studies... nobody cares much about ur unis abroad, all they do care about is ur GPA and overall profile... and as far as reputation is concerned, IBA has quite a lot of affiliations with some of the best business schools of the world like Wharton and Babson... search about the SBS conference which is going to happen soon at the IBA, they've invited professionals from some of the top unis of the world...

All I am saying is that, its definitely not worth it to pay almost twice as much to Lums if u can get pretty much the same or even a better package at IBA. 

If u wanna go for the rankings only, then go for QAU, as it is currently the #1 university of Pakistan according to that very same website which ranked Lums #35 out of #48 in Asia.
for cs or engineering Lums is better imo, but as far as Business related degrees are concerned... IBA seems to be the best that Pakistan can offer...!
it truly is btw are u in iba i'll be appliying for r2!
nah, will be applying..
bro! IBA is hundred times better than NUST business school
Is that even a question? After LUMS its definitely IBA
bro I believe IBA is even better in that case as well, cuz it has a better ROI than Lums... and both have almost equal value in Pakistan's job market (Iba might be even better cuz it has more value in Karachi and Karachi is the economic hub of Pak, hence more opportunities..)

For going abroad, it mostly depends upon the individual, I've seen a good number of students from both of these unis go to some of the top ranked unis in the world for masters...!
facts people dont actually know how great is iba's buisness scl
Both of these uni's are known for breeding different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented plus the city of Karachi adds flavor to it. whereas LUMS is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote a startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector ( thanks to their international accreditation coz abroad they don't care about the uni's name but the accreditation of AACSB ). So, in the end, it's a highly subjective judgment, even though I don't believe much in rankings, LUMS not only tops IBA but is in the top 25 business schools of ASIA.

And the ROI is even more subjective coz the scaling of investment is different for everyone and can vary from person to person so if for you IBA has a better ROI than LUMS for someone else it might not be. ROI is just one highly personalized and subjective factor among many others when deciding whether a college is right for you or not!
But IBA has produced far more entrepreneurs over the years bro... they even have a whole centre dedicated just to that... its called CED. You can search about it. Also u can search about Dr. Shahid Hussain (a lums alumnus himself)... he was the one who alongwith Dr. Ishrat Hussain, changed the dynamics of entrepreneurship in Pakistan through IBA, in collaboration with the Babson College back in the days... IBA is also the oldest business institute outside of North America (established in collaboration with the Wharton School of Business of UPenn) which also makes it the oldest in Asia... 

Therefore, it has a legacy, and the strongest alumni network in Pakistan when it comes to business/finance/accounts fields... 

Secondly, IBA has also gotten the AACSB accreditation recently and as far as the rankings are concerned, the one that u are talking about is the MBA rank of Lums which is #35 out of #48 in Asia...

And if we go by this logic, then NUST has to be the best uni in Pakistan for CS and Engineering as it is ranked under top 150 of the world in these subjects... So I believe we shouldn't just go by these type of subject rankings, cuz they just keep changing... QAU is the #1 ranked uni in Pak acc to QS.
[removed]
bro u need to come out of the "lums bubble" and see the reality urself...

and yeah IBA has produced more entrepreneurs, search about it, search about CED, search about Dr. Shahid Qureshi, search about IBA's collab with The Babson College...

and yeah it has gotten AACSB accreditation... even Sukkur IBA has gotten it... its not that big of a deal anymore...
not saying ke LUMS is bad or anything, just saying ke its definitely not worth that more 20-25 lakhs... thats it... if u have anne wah paisa then go for it.. but after graduating there won't be any difference between u or IBA students, most probably IBA students will even have better job opportunities, since it being in Karachi.... And I've heard these same lines from current Lums students as well... if u want to know more about it, u can dm me... i'll send u the contacts of those students!
[removed]
Bro agar apni taraf se baatein banani hain toh me QAU ko Harvard se bhi behtr boldun tm maan logy? Bhai facts n stats provide krne prte hain apni baat prove krne ke liye... read my comments again... I gave proper references and sources for u to check n research... me apni trf se baat nahi kr rha... all stats are available on the internet...

Your whole point is ke Lums produces more "entrepreneurs" than IBA and thats the only reason its better right? because thats exactly what that guy said whom you're agreeing with.
So I disproved this with clear cut facts, now either u provide counter facts to debunk them, or just accept the truth.

And chalo aik moment ke liye maan bhi liya ke ye baat bilkul sach hai... still it doesn't justify that extra 20-25 lakhs brother... cuz no one goes to a uni to become an entrepreneur... the biggest and most successful entrepreneurs in the world became one on their own, not through their universities... most of them are even drop outs infact...

A better uni should be the one which has better growth prospects for u in ur respective field, a better n stronger alumni network, an older legacy, and better job opportunities and market reputation. 

But anyways, tell me one thing... IBA has a whole department established just for entrepreneurship called "CED", they even offer degrees related to entrepreneurship... what does Lums offer as compared to that? Tell me the name of the dept that Lums has for entrepreneurship, maybe then we can take ur words seriously...
[removed]
Brother it seems like you dont even know what IBA is, cant debate or talk with someone who doesn't even know what he's talking about.. I consider this a waste of my time...

Your whole point of lums being better than Iba was based on lums producing more entrepreneurs, I've debunked that argument with facts... now u dont have anything to provide so you're just talking like a naive person.

As far as the facebook or insta page is concerned, well I do follow both of the unis, so I know what im talking about... also I can say this for sure that u dont even know about the SBS International Conference that is going to happen at IBA and its calibre, cuz that alone is enough to debunk most of ur claims.
I havent applied to any of the unis yet, but a lot of the people in my friends circle did prefer IBA over Lums, even though they got into both of em. Because of IBA's better ROI, Employment opportunities and reputation...

This doesn't mean that Lums is bad in anyway, but its just not worth that extra 20-25 lakhs cuz it doesn't make u standout when u graduate like other top unis in the world do, for example after graduating from any Ivy League uni you'll have way more opportunities and advantages than the graduates of other not so popular unis, whereas this is not the case with Lums in Pak, their cs grads stand in the same line with the cs grads of Nust and Fast, whereas their business grads stand in the same line with IBA grads... 

You also dont have any guarantee of getting the top placements in the country like IITs give u in India...

anyways, it was good talking to u!
Insecurity? 😅 Dude this post isnt even about Lums! It clearly shows who's insecure here ! 🥲
so true iba's sbs is best inn pakistan
Lums suleman school of business is ranked 35 in asia , which is pretty good. IBA eventhough is really good it doesnt compare outside of pakistan. A student studying in lums will have a much better time in getting an MBA at a good uni abroad and even jobs
Lums is ranked #35 out of the #48 total schools in that list... and IBA students as well have gotten into some of the best unis in the world for their post grad studies... nobody cares much about ur unis abroad, all they do care about is ur GPA and overall profile... and as far as reputation is concerned, IBA has quite a lot of affiliations with some of the best business schools of the world like Wharton and Babson... search about the SBS conference which is going to happen soon at the IBA, they've invited professionals from some of the top unis of the world...

All I am saying is that, its definitely not worth it to pay almost twice as much to Lums if u can get pretty much the same or even a better package at IBA. 

If u wanna go for the rankings only, then go for QAU, as it is currently the #1 university of Pakistan according to that very same website which ranked Lums #35 out of #48 in Asia.
for cs or engineering Lums is better imo, but as far as Business related degrees are concerned... IBA seems to be the best that Pakistan can offer...!
it truly is btw are u in iba i'll be appliying for r2!
nah, will be applying..

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxl0e4/when_to_expect_the_final_decision_got_done_with/
How long does it take Lums to get back to the applicants after their interview? Will explore other options accordingly.
What was the interview like?
Grilling to say the least
LOL same
Did you apply for MS TME?
Yep
What type of questions do they ask in the interview ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxjog7/has_any_ms_csai_candidate_been_caller_for_an/
I'm seeing interviewees for every other MS program except for CS and AI. Anyone been called?
No. Can you kindly tell me what does your portal show in the application status tab at the end? Mine still shows the option to download the test slip.
Same
Nope

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxhiq4/dedo_admission/
aik to itni garmi ha like i was literally white in winters and now im black uper se lums bhi masti kr rha admission ni de rha ajeeb pura reddit parh lia ha
lums changed bros race 💔
acha toh iska black aur white se kiya lena dena hai…? 😭😭😭😭😭😭
bhai sahab shayad "humanities" main jaigain, agay ap samajh daar hain💀
real
Tujhe is liyey admission nahi mila kyunke tu kala hogya hai, sorry bro
It's their agenda they're gonna turn them into blacks so they have enough people to pick cotton for them.
mera rights khtm?
garmi niggafied bro only lums can deniggafy bro
Use the word "digga" which in the eastern german dialect literally means "bro" or "fatty' or "thicky"😂 and surprisingly is used the same way the n-word is used.
surprisingly that was informational thanks
np, random useless knowledge is my destiny to pass on
Knowledge is never useless
You're absolutely right my digga
Bebo re bebo 
Admission  dedo
Admission leni aiiii
Admission mujhko de do
garmi main kuin ghoom rahay ho ?
Ab to phir chances kum ho jaen ge admission ke 😆😆
Nigga
main bhi kali hojaugi
The colonizers left but your mind is still colonized it seems.
🤓☝🏻 actually viewing skin color the same way western people do would be the real colonial mindset so this is the opposite
Beta sojao
Ami??
Isn't that the case of almost every asian? Almost every asian ethnicity has a desire to make their skin white, I wonder where this obsession with white skin actually stems from. Ferb I think I know what we're going to do all night today!
Parhai Karo beta, parhai.
Aray abba ap reddit pe kab agai?💀
This is lums Ka subreddit beta, daddy bolo warna society accept nahi karegi
IMPOSTER! 

ہمارے والد صاحب بن کر اچھا نہیں کیا اپنے ، برائے کرم آیندہ ایسی حرکتوں سے پرہیز کیجیے گا😠

Only person I call Daddy is dehdi, wou bhi boltay huay volume 3 hojaata hai XD. (if you don't get this joke I'm giving up shitty puns for today)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxeazw/sifarish_in_lums/
Don't come at me for asking this but is there any kind of nepotism in the admission process? I have seen the people who get admission mostly come from an influential background and I personally know a person who got in with a low SAT score. So my question is that kya lums me sifarish aur paisa chlata hai?
Well, that's a very controversial topic, and LUMS would definitely disregard any kind of favoritism or approbation. However, I'm not sure about LUMS (though some students belong to the 1% of Pakistan studying at LUMS), but even at Harvard and Oxford, there are students from very strong political backgrounds, or there are students whose parents are millionaires and even some Arab princes and people from royal families, and they often give donations. So, saying that their admission was entirely based on merit doesn't sound rational. To some extent, people from strong backgrounds are favored everywhere, not just limited to LUMS.
Best answer!
Definitely hoti hai. Sirf sifarish or favourism nhi, explicit cheating bhi hoti hai. I know lums graduates who have horrific stories to tell.
Please do tell
sifarish is ghatiya mulk mei sab jaga chalti hei, how big of a source you have is the question
I know some who got into LUMS with low sat score and All C’s, but didn’t graduate. That guy failed miserably and ended going to UK. He my friend lol. Ps he comes from influential family.
There’s a kid at my college who claims to also get into lums with all Es in ASLevel with sifarish apparently he has a political background but I’m not sure if he did get admitted (I’ll update you😀👍)
pehle ap ye to socho na lums kis mulk me ha????lol
Yes mei sifarish par ghusi houn
pakistan hai sir yahan har jagah sifarish chalti hai 😂
Yes
Yes references works i know a person in my family studying at Lums😅
how much sat score did he had?
[deleted]
This comment section is a proof that this might be true
Not necessarily, these are just mere opinions and assumptions. Let's just be positive and trust the process
they must be lying
Just call it as favour(sifarish), it happens everywhere around the world, I mean just think about yourself, you work somewhere and you have an influence over there, and someone very close to you ask for a favour, I bet you will be helping them out of the borders.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxe02e/urgent/
I haven't started my equivalency process yet..
1. What's the process?
2. Is attestation necessary?
3. I will email them the slip and the equivalency once it is available...will that be a problem?

Mine got done without attesting
Do we just have to take original certificates and their copies to the ibcc office?
Yes original cie certificates unki copies a few passport pictures and id card ki copy aur original lejana to their office
There’s a form fill that beforehand and take it too
Get it done online, just upload your O level certificates and other necessary documents, pay the fee online and probably with 2-3 weeks you will get your equivalence certificate
It's easier if you get it done in isl. Lahore office is quite crowded and they refuse to take it after 11 cuz fuck you that's why. Online is a better option

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxaq9q/submission_of_ibcc_certificate/
are we supposed to submit the soft copy of the certificate via email? because my portal just shows admitted and gives me the role number. no option to upload. 
I got an email asking me to send the certificate in reply to that email you’ll probably get a similar one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cxa6bt/interview/
Has anyone who gave the interview got acceptance for SSE?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx8uyc/lat_date/
Hey!! So I had someone from HEC confirm that the LAT is going to be held on 9th June. So all those accepted in SAHSOL, what are we gonna do about this? Do we write emails to LUMS? The conditional offer says that we have to submit LAT scores before 30th May, which is now impossible. 
I haven't been accepted yet but I wrote to lums and they said it's ok and we can give it in June and should submit the results as soon as we receive them
Thank you, that was helpful. Could you possibly share the screenshot of the reply email they sent so I can forward it to friends who’re worried. Pls!!
Just dm' d u
can you please send it to me as well

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx7mjf/transcripts/
Has anyone gotten in yet with bad transcripts?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx7don/honest_advice_needed/
So guys the thing is that My first option is Accounting and Finance from a top University. But We never know that I might not get into the top one’s like IBA and LUMS (Incase). Doing these from a low ranked university seems worthless ig. So I want your honest advice what other options should i consider from which universities? 
Or What should I choose out of these:
Go for ACCA 
Go for CA
Go for CS from fast?
Go for engineering from NUST?
Or take a gap year And Go for MBBS?
I am a Pre engineering Student. I want to pursue anything that would allow me to work anywhere in Pak or abroad. Preferably, Which one has more scope and more earning? 
DONT TAKE A GAP YEAR FOR MBBS. i think NUST is the best option or FAST. UCP wagaira na chala jana bhai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx5xb1/how_does_the_portal_look_when_you_get_your/
So my question is just this. Mine is still showing the LCAT slip so I know there is no update. How did yours look like?


You get an a new tab called admissions
next to application status and document checklist and all?
Yes
it just says that your application status and document status is submitted
Does the term "submitted" refer to you getting an admission?
no. it is just there cz your application is in progress and all your documents are submitted. because i still haven't got my acceptance and my portal shows the submitted with the application when you log in.
yeah same i’m so confused 😭😭😭
biashah
youll see an update tab, you click on it and youll know wether uv been accepted or rejected
Next to the document checklist and other tabs an admission status tab will appear. The submitted and other things will stay in place and there will be no other change to the portal.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx3cx1/lums_summer_program/
Hi 
Anybody has attempted or come across somebody who went through LUMS summer school. I need specifically for A Level students. 

Any insight would be appreciated.

Regards 
It's a super fun program from what I've heard! They have lots of activities and courses that are great for introverts. It's a chance to make friends and network, plus you can add it to your college activities. I'm also planning to go for SSL
I’ve done it what do you want to know specifically
How beneficial it is w.r.t building profile. And considering applying to LUMS later on. Do they add tangible value to the cohort ? It's expensive and hence wanted to understand it's value.thanks
When I did summer school in 2022 ig the fee was around 35K for OLevels and 45K for ALevels. Now I think it is around 75K? Personally I’ve always wanted to go to lums so this opportunity was very attractive for me. It does say on the SSL website FAQs that attending summer school doesn’t specifically increase your chances at lums. However, in my opinion ANY kind of summer school does add value to your profile as it shows how you utilised your summer vacations effectively plus you learn useful skills. Also, for SSL after your summer school ends you get a chance to apply for their SSL student ambassador programme. I also did that and got a certificate. Keeping the current fee in mind, if you’re someone from middle class like me, I would probably consider NUST summer school over LUMS summer school if I really want to attend one as it is way more economical and convenient too if you have relatives or live in Islamabad.(IBA has a summer school too but I don’t have much info on that) I wouldn’t waste 75K for a summer school and would focus more on actual grades and preparing for the SAT. Cuz again, while extracurriculars matter, O ALevel grades and the SAT score matters most.
Could I ask what grade you’re in?
A1
Are you considering to study for A2 during your vacations or studying for SAT etc.?
Applying for this July one.
Summer school is only for 3 weeks.
I did summer school while studying for SAT too but it didn’t really end as well as I was hoping. Summer school does get very hectic and tiresome. I got a 1330 on my SAT.
I have heard LUMS summer school is good BUT not met anyone who actually went thru .

Being introverted and in the absence of any other activities, I just wanted to give it a try. 

How did it go for you...
It is good yes. Very fun and dw I am an introvert too so it’s okay. I did still make many friends from many cities, all of whom I’m still in contact with. But again the fee for it has been increased to an unnecessarily high amount and it’s only the tuition the transport hostel food is gonna cost you additional.
It's 10 mins drive from the house so lodging won't be required
It's a super fun program from what I've heard! They have lots of activities and courses that are great for introverts. It's a chance to make friends and network, plus you can add it to your college activities. I'm also planning to go for SSL
I’ve done it what do you want to know specifically
How beneficial it is w.r.t building profile. And considering applying to LUMS later on. Do they add tangible value to the cohort ? It's expensive and hence wanted to understand it's value.thanks
When I did summer school in 2022 ig the fee was around 35K for OLevels and 45K for ALevels. Now I think it is around 75K? Personally I’ve always wanted to go to lums so this opportunity was very attractive for me. It does say on the SSL website FAQs that attending summer school doesn’t specifically increase your chances at lums. However, in my opinion ANY kind of summer school does add value to your profile as it shows how you utilised your summer vacations effectively plus you learn useful skills. Also, for SSL after your summer school ends you get a chance to apply for their SSL student ambassador programme. I also did that and got a certificate. Keeping the current fee in mind, if you’re someone from middle class like me, I would probably consider NUST summer school over LUMS summer school if I really want to attend one as it is way more economical and convenient too if you have relatives or live in Islamabad.(IBA has a summer school too but I don’t have much info on that) I wouldn’t waste 75K for a summer school and would focus more on actual grades and preparing for the SAT. Cuz again, while extracurriculars matter, O ALevel grades and the SAT score matters most.
Could I ask what grade you’re in?
A1
Are you considering to study for A2 during your vacations or studying for SAT etc.?
Applying for this July one.
Summer school is only for 3 weeks.
I did summer school while studying for SAT too but it didn’t really end as well as I was hoping. Summer school does get very hectic and tiresome. I got a 1330 on my SAT.
I have heard LUMS summer school is good BUT not met anyone who actually went thru .

Being introverted and in the absence of any other activities, I just wanted to give it a try. 

How did it go for you...
It is good yes. Very fun and dw I am an introvert too so it’s okay. I did still make many friends from many cities, all of whom I’m still in contact with. But again the fee for it has been increased to an unnecessarily high amount and it’s only the tuition the transport hostel food is gonna cost you additional.
It's 10 mins drive from the house so lodging won't be required

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx3b7t/lums_ms_economics/
Any Update, is anyone got any update related to interview decision?

How many of you received an interview email?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1k0h/admission/
I got all As and a B in my Olevels. ABC in Alevels. I was on a gap year due to financial constraints and have been working in US sales during that. Currently working directly under a US tech company for sales(this happened after i submitted my application so its not on there) I was only able to give the LCAT exam which went pretty well. Had a good amount of ECs and a decent PS. School of Humanities and Social Sciened was my first choice and SDSB as a second choice. I haven't gotten an answer yet but people with such experience, are these creds good enough to get accepted?
You have a great profile, I’d say you’re in for sure. Have faith and be patient :)
thanks! In sha'Allah
Be patient your creds are good inshallah you’ll get in soon.
In sha'Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1bor/if_i_have_4_a_and_4_bs_with_a_good_sat_score/

what sat
I haven’t given it yet but I’m hoping that I can score around 1450ish
aim for as high as possible i would say. best of luck. your o level grades are a bit on the lower end but you can compensate with a good SAT score.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx1amm/is_transfer_a_good_and_easy_option_from_lse_to/

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cx11ax/how_checking_the_portal_for_the_628264th_time/
پھر کوئی آیا دل زار نہیں کوئی نہیں، 
راہرو ہوگا کہیں اور چلا جائے گا 


اپنے بے خواب کواڑوں کو مقفل کر لو 
اب یہاں کوئی نہیں، کوئی نہیں آئے گا 

bro is traumatized!
[deleted]
❤️❤️
Hmm. سے ایک قبولی خط چاہتا ہوں، میری سادگی دیکھ میں کیا چاہتا ہوں۔ LUMS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwztcr/revised_offers/
Got in my second preference, and i applied for financial aid. Has someone before received a revised offer after they applied//got their FA decision back.
I was in the early batches for acceptances and completed my FA around a month and haven't received any response yet.
revised offers are usually given in the last batches afaik.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwwznp/march_sat/

Has anyone who gave the march sat been accpeted yet? if so what was ur score
Yup. 1510.
bro did you get merit scholarship?
Yup
leval ho gaya. which school?
SSE
ye tou or bhi leval ho gaya
Yep, 1450.
in what school?
Hss first preference
Yes.
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwt0zv/decision/
how long after the interview will i get the decision
Most probably after 2 weeks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwnlay/fscmatric_mark_sheet_attestation/
Hello guys,  

Someone I know just received their admission letter from LUMS; she is an FSc/Matric student.  Can we get our documents (result card) attested online from this link?  https://eportal.biselahore.com/eservices/attestation  

Will they deliver the documents to our house or do we have to visit their office? I already have the challan generated, so can we pay the challan online and be done with it? Or do we have to visit the office after paying? Can someone please guide (especially those who recently got their documents attested) 😞  Will be very grateful, thank you 😊 
I got mine attested last week from Lahore Board and can surely guide you. DM please as I guided one more person and have all the messages copied.
Hello, just dmed you!!
So I also got my attested as well. You have to go to relevant board of your city like mine is Lahore board. You will ask them to attest your FSc and matric marksheet. After paying the fees and submitting the copies of result card, you have to wait for almost an hour and then they will give you a sealed envelope which you must not open. Then you will send it to lums through any courier service. I advise you not to use government post service.
[removed]
1. Only Copies will be attested from the board. You cannot and should not get your original attested.  
2. Yes. LUMS requires both your matric and 1st Year Result Card Copies Attested.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwmaxd/lums_interview/
Hello everyone. I have my Lums interview tomorrow and I just wanted some help with what I should expect tomorrow. I am not the best at speaking on the spot so could someone tell me what some of the common questions are so I can be mentally prepared to answer them in the interview. If you have already gotten interviewed then your help would be even more valuable. I've applied to SSE for electrical engineering. I would really really appreciate any help. Thank you :)
So how did it go?
I had an interview today too. For Mphil. The questions they asked me were from my own personal statement. They took random statements and made twisted questions out of them. And I being the fool I am, got confused. Came home and realised, could have said this or that...blah blah. And they asked me about their course outline. I knew the general stuff but didn't know the names of all the courses, they were actually offended by that. 
My interview didn't go well tbh. Anyone else who's looking forward to giving an interview, apart from the general questions (senior students ne kaha tha bas general questions prepare karo k why this degree, what motivated you, where do you see yourself in 5 years, what problem would you like to solve in the education department..meh), prepare your degree specific questions too. Know it inside out. Especially if the dean is a female. Not being sexist here but female Deans like to act extra bossy and hostile. Churailain.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwkwtb/decision_round/
When is the next decision round due?
Lums bc jobi karna h jaldi karlu😡😭
Only lums knows
[deleted]
how do you know?
[deleted]
well maybe the result would be announced for his interview only by the end of may, it may noy be necessary that total decisions are going to come by the end of may because i know ppl from last year who got their decisions in july aswell.
[deleted]
InshaAllah
Most probably end of May 
27 May to 2 June I think .
bumpp

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwgezr/how_much_a_single_b_in_o_levels_effects_the/
Just read some old reddit posts where some seniors were asserting that lums doesnt give admission on having B in O levels.Is this true?
I am having 5A* and 2A , 1B in O levels and 90.3% in FSC.My SAT is 1380.Whats your view on this? btw applied to SDSB
I had 5A* , 2 A , 1 B in olevels , got accepted in SBASSE. Infact I had a C which became B on retake
Wow mash Allah.Thanks brother.
Your welcome bro
What was your sat score?
1450
oh MA
A handful of B's on your transcripts doesn't affect much in fact they admit students with certain B's or C's instead of ones with straight A\*'s ( in some cases ).
Hmm.....ok.Thanks budd...
I had a B in English and got in hss alhamdullilah
Mash Allah bruh
Had 3 Bs in o levels. Still got into sdsb lol
When? What about your SAT score?
2021. Sat score was 1370.
i had a b and a c in o levels and got into sse
Woahhhh.your SAT and Alevels?
1520. AS was 4A and a lvl predicted (and actual) were 4A*
I had a B in Urdu and got into SSE last year
Kindly mention your full cred .
I had 5A*s 3A 1B and got acceptance in MGHSS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwgb4r/interview/
Guys my interview is tommorow its online on zoom for sse plz give tips and like the questions they ask.
[deleted]
My credentials are 95% matric 91% 1st year fsc . GAVE LCAT which went just normal
Multiple extracurricular activities and certificates. I also have an interview. Any chance of me getting admission in SBASSE COMPUTER SCIENCE?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwe9wn/revised_offer/
After getting a revised offer, do you give them a heads-up, or email them saying I accept it or smthg? Or just leave it cuz it's obvious!

Plus would I get a new conditional letter delivered to my house since the one I got before has a different school name.
[deleted]
People have started getting revised offers
[deleted]
I know 2 folks who have received it
[deleted]
Sdsb to SSE 
Mghss to sdsb I think
[deleted]
Around 90% in both matric and fsc part 1
Ecs good
Lcat good
[removed]
There isn't any procedure. You will be admitted automatically. But idk why I feel like me, sending an email to them, helped although the response was very generic and cold. Just pray ig
[removed]
For sure!!!! Do check your portal regularly tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwe7jn/new_batch/
Have seen very few acceptances in the previous days.
Don't they it will come out in a batch now.
Everyone in the last few days has gotten at different times.
Kuch samagh nai arahi
following
ni ani ab acceptances
Andar ki Khabar hay?
yes leak ni honi chaiyay!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwdi5n/has_anyone_gotten_a_letter_of_rejection_from_lums/

Some people posted them in April don't know if any have gotten since
They come around the end of july
Yes my friend did
when was this
Yes a friend did
which school and when did ur friend receive the rejection email?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwdecc/econmath/
What is the scope of Bsc econ+math in Lums
Honestly, its scope depends on the person.
Plz explain. I will be very thankful to u

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cwbc3d/failure/
I joined this reddit cuz i really wanted to get into lums since i was 15 i got good not the greatest of grades i just got done giving my 1st year exams today and all of my exams went really good but until maths happened i studied all night for it did everything i could memorised all of the formulas cried late at night aswell cuz I thought I didn’t prepare enough for the examination i slept and went to give the exam it went bad like super bad I don’t even know what i wrote looking back at it i might even fail the exam all of my exams went pretty good and i was expecting like 87-90 percentage but seems like maths has drawn it to a 75-77 now i wanna cry but I don’t have the liquid for it seeing my friends do good at the exam also makes me feel ashamed im also getting sucidal thoughts on top of everything. PLEASE HELP.
You could retake the maths in 2nd annual exams
Wouldn’t that just fuck up your own record? I mean a retake. I am in the exact same situation. All exams have gone decently well but maths went shit. 24 marks completely left un attempted. I thought of a retake but people have told me retakes make your profile look bad
Do what's best for you. Having a bad maths score won't make your profile any better. Retake atleast allows you to  have something to show.
Ok
Who said so bro? No one would even know about the retake if u wont tell em, cuz fbise gives u a complete new marksheet if u get ur marks improved, and it doesn't mention any retake.. atleast as far as I know...
Well if that’s the case i am going to be giving multiple retakes
Well u can only give one retake... but remember that all this info that im giving is about fbise... idk whats the scene in other boards... so if you're from any other board.. make sure to confirm things first..!
Nah i meant giving retakes for multiple subjects. And yes i am also talking about fbise
Yes you can give retake for all subjects (e.g) and it wouldn’t show that u took a retake. Bcz there are many students who don’t even give first annual and just go for the second annual.
No it doesn’t make it look bad . Don’t listen to them.
It's way better if you look forward and decide how can you cover this mistake up. In my opinion if you ace the SAT, you can get in easily
Hey man, I’ve been where you have been. I got a conditional offer and even bought new clothes and stuff ready to ship to Lahore because I was so sure of my grades, but in the end I got a BCC and got into another university. 7-8 years later I am at a position equal to if not better than my peers at LUMS and wouldn’t trade any of my time spent throughout these years. Some things happen for a reason. Stay focused and move on.
in which uni did u end up then?
NUST
at NBS?
Yup
how would u rate it out of 10? and should I choose NBS or IBA for business?
I’ll give it a solid 8, but bear in mind the good teachers have left, so my rating for NBS is null and void. IBA is pretty good. Go for IBA.
If all of your exams went great but you scored a little less in one subject, it does not matter, I had a friend who got into LUMS with ABCD in her a levels, what you should do it really focus on your SAT or LUMS entrance exam (whichever you choose to give), that is most important I believe as it helped me get into LUMS as well, I had decent grades but really good SAT score, if youre still worried about your grades tho, you can always give a retake, I read in the comments you think that giving retake puts you at disadvantage, bhai aisa koi scene nhi hai, my friend with ABCD gave retakes for all subjects still she got in. 

Secondly, I would like to say that you should definitely not stress about any of this, Allah’s plan is best and you should only focus on your hard work, agay Allah ki marzi. I have a friend who got in LUMS with a lower score than you, but another friend rejected who had straight As in a levels, I have friends from CBM, IBA and Szabist who are now studying abroad or placed in amazing jobs which even LUMS people did not get. A personal example, I had a friend with low GPA got placed into one of the best companies in Pakistan while me a top scorer didnt get a very good job. You just do your best and leave the rest to Allah, dont get disheartened by a small loss because you dont know what its store from you, another friend who wanted to go to lums but couldnt afford to, made a business of her own and is doing so well in life now. So take it easy, work hard, and just be grateful.
Grades doesn't matter. 
I was dropped from the university just for 3 marks. My cousin was 80% holder. My family used to bash me and always tried to compare. He is a teacher in a government school Salaried at 45k, I'm running a company our monthly expense is 1M. Trust Allah, Allah has plans for you.
paper he itna beghairat aya tha aj
Pray and Leave your matters to Allah, it’ll all be more than fine In Sha Allah.
Sucide won’t let you go anywhere, just think about your parents before having thoughts like these, they never raised a child who would give up and kill herself that easily. Think of how they want you to be happy for them to be happy. Leave your matters to Allah and keep reciting Ayat Karima. In Sha Allah you’ll see miracles Ameen.
bro sabsay pehlay to its okay i know its the last thing you want to hear but its not the end of the world. youre still super young and can reappear for the exam. dont think about what people will think it is your life and you know your circumstances better than anyone. i have been through similar situations and i can assure you it all turns out okay and even if it doesn't whatever happens is for the best. so dont worry AND DONT DIE BHAI ITS NOT WORTH IT LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL JAHANNUM IS NOT
Dear, you will have multiple chances to re-appear for mathematics. Second annual is just six months away. 
Secondly and most importantly, what a man can do is hard work, which you did. Results and consequences are in the hand of Allah, so be assured Allah has something fascinating for you in the future. Just keep your hard work up!
It’s okay everything will be fine. I had a very traumatising experience of fsc. I was the grinder of the whole year. But in part-1 the results wasn’t astonishing as i expected. Trust me leave things to Allah. He won’t disappoint you. Don’t let negative thoughts overweigh you. You will be fine as you were before. Nothing to look at the past. Be ready for the future. Cheer up boy!
Goodluck!
If your board is fbise then you can take a retake in 2nd annual exams, you can retake as many subjects as you want and they won't show it on your marksheet 
Good luck
Please take care of yourself ❤️ Our education system puts so much pressure on us, that we end up believing this is the end of the world. I've always been an exceptional student ALL my life. I'm good when it comes to solving, thinking and analysing, but bad in socialising, navigating strategies verbally. And that's the reason I've always done well in all written subjects, but sucked at practical growth. I was a student who took the highest grades in the GCC and was published in brochures. I used to host several shows there too. When you get into practical life, these things don't matter at all. What matters is the skills you have. I've had the experience of joining multiple universities and they all contain a mix of all kinds of scorers. Some have had excellent grades, while others have excellent skills. The point is, at the end, they all study the same thing, in the same class. Moreover, when you apply for MS anywhere. The only thing they seem to care about is your GPA. I would advise that you pursue a GOOD degree. May it be from anywhere, and then get a good GPA and work to get a scholarship at masters level somewhere abroad. It's way better and more fruitful that way.
I’ll give it a solid 8, but bear in mind that a lot of the previous teachers have left, so my rating would be null and void. Go for IBA.
Haha... Got rejected going to LUMS... Went to fast for 3 months... Didn't go to uni at all... Uni was too slow and too boring... Learnt electrical engineering, programming, mathematics, applied physics, automation systems all by myself... Now have my own company providing simulation and automation services to clients in middle east and china... 

Life takes you in various directions... I am so glad I didn't go to a uni much less LUMS... Learnt so much by myself at my own pace and countless times I helped these masters and PhDs in understanding and implementation... 

Learn for the sake of learning ... Not for the sake of degree... As Elon Musk said
"I DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT YOUR DEGREE!"
Please relax
Jo dunya mai horha uss hisab sai the end is soon
Not being dramatic 
Focus on real things please dont get drowned into this system
Dont determine your self worth bcz of it
Do good for the rest of the papers and THATS IT
And honestly I know people with bad grades making into LUMS and some with AWESOME grades not making it
Allah par bharosa rakho and apna perspective of life theek karo.Thats not what we are here for on earth this is just a PART of life not LIFE itself.
&gt;im also getting sucidal thoughts

nigga u ain't even 18
mental health doesn’t have an age, secondly, it is deep. i myself go through it because of academic pressure so if you dont got something nice to say, stfu. 
lastly, stop tryna look cool by saying the N word. stupid asl generation. fr tho i dare u to say that to a black person face to face, all yall can do is type behind your screen, dimwits.
ARE YOU MAD, MENTAL HEALTH IS UNIVERSAL

mans usin the n-word like that, say that to a black guy whos acc built, with morals, u aint survivin u pathetic prick
first of all u lil bros need to understand one thing: 

ITZ NOT THAT DEEP!! 

come out of this emotional trauma...nothing happened..Chill out! ek test k peeche apni zindgi azaab bnana isn't something appreciable...

the boy has faced a  lil hurdle yet. there are many more to come in life, he has to deal with. Kya kre ga phir wo? isii trah sympathy leta rehe gaa?? WAKE HIM UP! don't try to be nice.. He has to live alone! nobody will come to support im'
if u wanna give him reassurance, that can be done politely without belittling his mental problems.
EXACTLY
IT IS DEEP COS THERE MAY BE EXTERIOR FACTORS THAT YOU ARE UNAWARE OF

us aik test se pehle utna cheezin aur bhi hoti hai jiski wajhesi stress attti hai to test ki wajese breakin point phi aagya

IF YOU BELITTLE HIM NOW, THEN IT WILL WORSEN, INSTEAD ENCOURAGE HIM AND MAYBE ADVISE HIM TO PRACTICE SELF-LOVE SEEING THAT SELF-LOVE IS THE ONLY GUARANTEED LOVE APART FROM ALLAH'S

u acting cool and sayin its not that big of a deal when rn, thats the focus of his daily being is so rude, so u need to take a hard look at urself and ppl are allowed to be sad so allow it and dont belittle it u pathetic being, denouncing the struggles of others

have some shame

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw9yiz/iba_vs_lums_mba/
Guys.. i just got into IBA (i am from karachi). Gave my interview for LUMS today and i know their decisions roll in later.. i will have to pay the fees for IBA soon.

Any reason i should choose LUMS over IBA? 
how did the interview go?
It was so so.. idk let's see.
dont we have to pay the fee beginning of august?
For IBA? Or LUMS?
iba
MBA ki orientation June mein nahi hai? I guess will have to pay fee before 10th June.
ohhh MBA, i thought u were talking about undergraduate progs. my bad
While IBA is a great institution with good job prospects you should consider LUMS more seriously as you would get the opportunity to live away from home in LUMS. Living on your own helps develop skills that will help you in all aspects of life. Developing these skills is a major part of any university education.
The LUMS MBA is very rigorous compared to IBA. They produce a different breed of graduates who have a can-do approach to everything after going through 2 years of extreme pressure. They make a professional out of you when you graduate. I have friends who have done their MBA from IBA and their experience is much different than that of a LUMS MBA.
Bro you didn't gave 1 specific reson why not iba. These generic sentences can be written for any uni. Personally what i believe both are just same if iba is not superior. Its affordable, big city- great opportunities, alumini network strongest iba is better go for it!
Exactly..i don't get it. 50 lacs for an MBA when i can get the same degree for half a price in a city with better opportunities? Thankyou. I will wait for LUMS decision but pay IBA's fee.
Same is my case, bhai. Though I have applied for LUMS too, if I have to pay more for LUMS, then I am never going to go there . It's a total waste of money. Who on earth would pay 18 lakhs per annum for undergraduate studies when the same thing, if not better, is provided by other universities? Best of luck with your journey, bhai. Celebrate if you have been offered admission to both, as both are prestigious institutions (though I'll apply for IBA R2 with my SAT score for the interview. Inshallah, things will go well).
great job bahi pray for me inshllah i'll make it to iba too (it's my dream uni in pak though) :)
Well I never said don’t go to IBA. If you like it then go. I just told you how the LUMS MBA is different and molds you in to a professional rather than any other MBA graduate. I gave a few reasons, but I don’t think they justify the high price tag to you.
Exactly
[deleted]
Yeah.. but costs are higher but opportunities are same?
Yeah.. you should consider the cost and the funding options available to you. However, LUMS and IBA are not so similar; they produce two different breeds of professionals. IBA has a more industrialized approach; its students are more job-oriented. One advantage that IBA has over LUMS is the city of Karachi, which is the economic hub of Pakistan. You are more likely to get a job while being in the city, whereas a LUMS, is more entrepreneurially oriented. They are more business-savvy and promote startup culture; they have an entrepreneurial approach very similar to Stanford. So IBA prepares professionals who are ready to be inducted into a system of running organizations, whereas at LUMS, they prepare entrepreneurs who are jacks of all trades, and their grads are almost all over the international corporate sector. So in the end, you should prioritize what perfectly aligns with your goals and pursuits.
Can you please guide me over LUMS NOP program. I have applied there, is there anyway i can do to get selected.
First, you have to submit the NOP online application. After submitting it, you are expected to receive your decision between May and June. If you are accepted, you will be invited to a summer coaching session where you will be considered for the LUMS undergraduate application. This is the typical process for a LUMS applicant. However, as an NOP applicant, you can't influence your selection. It primarily depends on your academic achievements and whether you are genuinely an underprivileged but potentially talented student. I wish you the best of luck.
am from Karachi, would these classes held in my city or in Lahore?
it will be on the campus and everything including accommodation, food and miscellaneous stuff will be covered by LUMS
ok, thanks for your time. btw, What's this training for?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw9991/a_powerpoint_night_with_strangers_just_for_fun/
I saw someone saying, Let’s bring back the fun in life by doing really wholesome activities “just for fun”, and a powerpoint night with strangers would be the best thing I can think of. 🎉 

So i’m planning to host a powerpoint night with strangers by the end of June in Lahore. Come through if you want to learn something random and new. ✨ 
What's PowerPoint night? Will it be one of those sessions where you talk about or teach PowerPoint?

Also can it be online as well so that people from different cities can join as well
Nah, it’ll be set of random sessions on random different topics, with powerpoint slides, so people can share their knowledge with strangers in a wholesome way ✨

Yeah, considering the circumstances in PAK, I’m thinking to shift it online too.
Seems interesting. Count me in if online
Sure, i’ve sent you the signup form
send me a signup as well
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Count me in
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Sounds boring and gay...
My honest reaction but I hesitated 💀
current lums student count me in
Sure, i’ve sent you the sign up form
sounds fun honestly
True, but it would only be fun if we succeed in targeting the right people ! :)
Only the right people would make an effort to come why would anyone want to come and any kind of audience will be good for the 1st time later on it'll get filtered on its own
Thats true ✨ lets hope for best !
get an society onboard to make this and get more exposure so more people can join
I don’t want to associate this with any society :( I want individuals who are just up for random fun !
lets connect someday on campus. im in
Sounds fun. Up for online.
Sure i’ll share the signup form soon ✌️✨
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Sign me up
I’ll share the sign up form with you ✨
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
scene on karo
Will send you signup form soon ✨🫡
Done 👌
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6
Count me inn
Here is the sign up form for powerpoint presentation get together: 

https://forms.gle/GvAZuXTQ19YdqEzP6

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw7roo/a2_result/
Will my admission offer get cancelled if i get ACC in my alevels?
No, they will be averaged it to BBC as that A will be averaged out with one of the C and both will become B
Thanks
Any idea for fsc?? Will my admission be cancelled if i get below 70%?
Obv yes
Bhai yeh logic kamala hai. Lekin samjh nahi aya 
Lums representative  told BBC or above ONLY.
They said 'average' BBC
I'm expecting the following alevel result: A, B,B,C how will it be averaged?
A B B 
They consider the best 3

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw7h06/students_who_have_given_lcat_instead_of_sats/
i want to ask the students who have given lcat are there any acceptance about them yet ?? or they are not priorty in the first selection procedure? like lums choose students with sats first and then lcat !!! any one with lcat got rejected?? or accepted please lmk 
I have seen many acceptances of LCAT applicants so ig there is no discrimination between SAT and LCAT
I probably think so far only those candidates has received acceptances with lcat were who did exceptional in the test 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cw2hga/acceptance/
How many days after the SSE interview do you get the decision
Got mine within two days last year

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvy59q/whats_your_situation/
Just curious

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cvy59q)
don't you guys feel frustrated with all the exam pressure and still not knowing the decisions? I feel claustrophobic by thinking about the decision. It should be a simple yes or No answer. It is the worst psychological trickery that more than 70 or 80 percent of students still await their decisions.
I remember waiting forever for the decision back in the day. Some of my peers heard before me and my anxiety was through the roof.

Hang in there guys, it's going to happen if it's meant to be!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvtqod/lums_package_gum_gaya_hai/
The TCS delivered the parcel sent by LUMS on the wrong address, I am trying my best to track it but nhi milta to kia krun.
Dawwwg 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Idher acceptance ka wait kr raha 
Logon ne acceptance letter bhi gumna shuru kardiya 
Kya hogyi hai  zindagi bhai ..
Try explaining it to the support and tell them the reason.
Email them
I ve tried , they are telling me to track the TCS
Well contact TCS. The courier will probably send the package back or whatever their procedure is.
[deleted]
Yes, tcs says its working on the complaint
[deleted]
If you ask them to
[deleted]
10 din lag sakte hain

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvtfwe/im_getting_in_worrydepression/
Hi there, I got into SBASSE on 17th April. I have 8*As in IGCSE with 2As &amp; 2Bs with list of internationally participated aviation, astrophysics, and climate change extra curriculars.

As a matter of fact, I also applied for financial aid. I did submit the financial aid form (god it was toooo long) and it's been a month that I've only recieved two emails from financial aid department asking for more documents that I provided them ASAP after their emails. Father got one call for some clarification. It's been a month now I haven't gotten my fee voucher and finalized aid package 

And the final nail in the coffin are my A2 exams. A2 exams went pretty bad. I'm worried if my grades fall in the range of BBC or not 😭😭. Here's the breakdown of my grades &amp; I really really appreciate if anyone of u here can understand my situation and help me predict the grades based on my expected A-levels marks

Bio: I had an A in AS level. Now expecting around 170/260

Physics: I had an A in AS level. Expecting 160/260 overall 

Maths: Had a B In AS level. Now expecting 155/250 in A-levels 

Chem: Had a B in AS. Expecting 130/140 

To sum up the long story, I want to ask how is it normal for financial aid office not to come up with decison even after one month? It's still in the process. Moreover, with my As grades being told "along" with what I'm expecting to be my final alevels subject marks, do I have a chance of scoring BBC? 😭HELP NEEDED 
hello. i applied for financial aid last year and got a rejection very quickly. if they are taking time that means that they are considering your application and the committee is throughly evaluating it. i would say that is a good sign, be patient and keep cooperating with them.
I'm worried more about A2 Kay grades. I had 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS

No expecting grades like A,B,C,C 😭😭😭 

Hojaye ga admission ya revoke krdein gye? 

Heres the what worries me. 

Biology: Had an A in AS. Now expecting 170/260 (Probably an A)

Physics: Also A in AS. Expected marks 160/260 (Someone a solid B) 

Maths: B in AS Level. Expecting 150/250 (could be a B or C) 

Chem: Had B in AS LEVEL. Expecting around 130/250 (probably a C) 

So now I can sense my AS LEVEL AABB turn into ABCC. Idk will they allow my get in or revoke my admission 😭😭😭
you require an average of BBC in your best three subjects. your best three subjects are ABC. 
do the math. ABC &gt; BBC. easy ho jao.
I have also applied for FA and haven't received a response yet. I'm sure they'll be rolled out within the next 2 weeks so relaxx. Everything will work out
I applied for FA as well and didn't receive a decision. No one has so far. 


I think you can manage an A with one of your subjects no? If so, you have leeway. Your Alevel subjects just have to average out to be 70% or the equivalent of BBC. So ABD, A*CC etc works out.
What was ur SAT?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvrjqy/change_of_contact_information_and_interview/
 due to some personal reasons, I have recently changed my phone number so i wanna know if there is any issue in it ?? like i had to shut down the number from jazz office! Additionally, I have heard that undergraduate students are receiving interview calls from LUMS(is this true???), and I wanted to inquire whether it is possible to update my contact information records to ensure that I do not miss any important communication regarding interviews or other matters related to my application.
You should update your phone number. They even called me for one missing document in the financial aid application. Usually, they contact if the need the stuff done urgently.  Also, the interview process has started. My friend has an interview on 21st and they usually communicate that through the email.
so how do i do it ? update my phone number there doesn't seem to be an option available for number update or changing portals
I think you need to contact the admissions office for that.
Email them to update your number also I had a similar case,they called my parents for the interview thing so don't worry they'll call your parents if they want to ask something and you don't pick their call .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvquo4/equivalency_and_certificates/
Urgent! I need to make an equivalency for my O/A levels result. I wanted to know which type of equivalency do we have to submit to LUMS? Is there a combined equivalency for both O and A levels result? (Keep in mind that I already completed my A levels a year ago) As I already completed my A levels, do they (IBCC) only require the complete A Levels result (Advanced Level is written next to the subjects) or both of the certificates (AS and A-Levels)? In short, I have all the required certificates except for the AS level certificate.
u only need advanced level certificates (A2) for alevel equivalence
Ig only Alevels because i was a composite student and they never asked for my AS certficates
o level equivalence by the end of this month so if u havent gotten it made yet, get it done on the priority option they have NOW. for a levels, they need the results within 3 days of it being announced and equivalence by september end.
I have my A level certificate as well, so shouldn’t I make a combined O/A levels equivalency?
they dont require it rlly so why would you? uve gotten accepted right?
Yes, I got accepted. Appreciate it man!
Hey man! I got my equivalency made. Where do we have to submit it?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvq32o/depression/
I scored 5A* and 4 As in olevel and 3as in As and a 1320 sat score but I still haven't gotten my acceptance. This thing is really creeping me out .
Do I still have a chance of securing a seat in sdsb or eco field?.
you definitely do stand a chance with those grades. dont worry whatever happens will probably be for the best. i went through this kind of breakdown too a couple of days ago when my CIE didnt go well but it turned out i got accepted to my second pref a week later so i can say this for sure Allah has a plan for everyone just pray that whatever happens is for your best.
Indeed just have faith in ALLAH and everything will be sorted INSHALLAH.
You will get in, In Sha Allah!
very easy for Econ, fair shot at sdsb. Please have more faith, you’ll get it inshallah. rooting for you
praying for you!!
Have patience
InshaAllha it will be better what Allha has planed for you. And remember Allha will award for hardwork eventhough you don't secure your seat. So don't get depressed and be chill. Have a trust on Allha.
if u submitted ur sat late, u may get a decision later on in the summer too, tho ur credentials are amazing im sure ull get in
chill out. Therz still time

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvpuah/acceptances_after_interview/
Has anyone who gave the interview gotten accepted yet?
i don't think so
Oke

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvpryb/interview_help_needed/
So I got an email inviting me to interview, idk why? I don't think my creds were bad + a recc letter from a LUMS professor.

I heard from people that it isn't really really an interview, but more of a Viva. 


So if any of you also had one, please do leave some questions in the comments.

THANK YOUUU
[deleted]
91% matric 
3Bs AS level
1560 SAT
[deleted]
Yup, physics
I guess your as level fucked you over
I don't think its much of a factor, but yea igg
When did you receive email
2 days ago, I asked them to reschedule because it is literally almost right before my CS exam but no response.

Shit tragicc
I heard they are conducting interviews of those who didnot do good on the aptitude test
when's the interview?
21st

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvov38/interview/
Interview in a few days for the mphil elm program. Guys. Any tips? Im going in a university after a 10 year academic break so kinda nervous. 
Join this group for MS/PHD interviews [WhatsApp group ](https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSZJ5vEJChqHRq5fwg44hS)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvn98m/havent_got_my_acceptance_yet_but/
My sister has applied to LUMS and she hasn’t got her acceptance yet… I’m wondering whenever she will get her acceptance (Insha Allah) will the financial aid option be open till then. Im worried if there is a financial aid deadline and her acceptance comes after the deadline?
Everyone has their own deadline of submitting their financial aid application as much as I know (got accepted)
ooh thanks! btw congrats on getting accepted! I’m praying for my sister! 🤞🏽
whenever she will get accepted she will get 1 week to submit her aid doc. even if she got accepted in late august
ooh that’s nice to hear, thanks
Deadlines separate for each. I got acceptance on the 25th and deadline given was for a week. Others got it on the 21st and their deadline was on a different date of course, within the one week limit.
What documents do they ask for? Please share if you don't mind.
I think it varies from person to person. They asked us to clarify some assets in our tax returns. Besides asking for my tuition in Alevel and my sibling's etc. 

For you it will definitely be different.
So how much aid did u get at the end bro?
No decision yet and honestly not expecting aid.
Had an mphil interview today. Didn't go well. Kissi ko koi andaza hai k interview k baad kab tak bata dete hain acceptance yan rejection ka? I don't really care at this point any more. Itni door hai university ooper se, they don't have a bus service bhi. I'm just saaad!
MPhil in what
Mphil Education and Leadership Management

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvn74u/where_can_i_watch_the_season_ted_for_free/

admission ho gaya tou bata du ga
Hurawatch, vumoo. Could download it by torrenting

Also, admission pe dehan de de bhai
I watched it on Prime ( you can easily get a screen on 300rps), and you can also stream it on Apple TV, and dw about admission ho jaega agr hona huva to, just chill.
Soap2day dot rs
Cineb

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvmsku/to_all_the_2023_admissions/
If you could take out time and vote,  when did you get ur decisions (whether accepted or rejected)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cvmsku)
A friend got waitlisted in july i guess and got acceptance letter a day after Alevels result came out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvjilu/withdrew_from_financial_aid/
so i innitially had applied to financial aid but after seeing how detailed the form is i realised ill probably not be considered for it so i withdrew. i was supposed to get my fee voucher 4-6weeks after the submission of the financial aid form, however now that i withdrew from it i dont see any option for fee voucher or any deadline header to pay for it. PLEASE let me know where i can downlaod the fee voucher from and how do i know what my deadline is? i am scared itll be past the dealine since i can't even see what the deadline is. i did email lums too but no response yet since its the weekend.
Usually takes some time. A week I think?
dw bro fees lene ke maamle mein dair nai karte woh. you just mail it to them that i want to withdraw and you’ll receive your voucher the next day on your portal
chalo lets hope i get it by tom cuz i withdrew on saturday
yea the office is closed on weekends. you’ll get a mail tomorrow that your voucher will be uploaded in 2-3 days but it takes a day or two usually
the deadline comes with the fee voucher right?
yup. you’ll get atleast a week for the deadline

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvgz5u/sdsb_or_sse/
I got into SDSB whereas my first preference was SSE. The thing is I myself don't know whats better for me. I have been thinking of doing CS even my ps was all about cs. I am not that much of a big fan of computer knowledge or coding. It's just that my future will be more secure if I do cs, that's what I think. I do really like networking and have some ideas for startups but no investments. I just don't see much progress in business if it's not your own whereas in CS you can always progress, learn stuff, master it and earn upto 15 lac or definitely more. Yea all I care about is money. Most business developers or business consultants take only 3 lac, whatever not more than 5 lac. Unless you have your business you can't really earn much in the business field. It's just that I have never met someone who takes 5 lac+ being a business developer or manager. Whereas most graduates of fast who did cs are earning 8-15 lac per month. 
Also for me business fields seem easy than doing CS and I kinda like it but then again my goal is to earn the max I can.
Also cs graduates can do jobs, remote work, freelancing whereas physical presence of business students is required which means they can't really work extra or earn money from other means.
So should I go for Lums or cs from fast or Nust?
i dont think CS will be worth it in terms of money if youre not "a big fan of computer knowledge or coding". i dont know if you had CS in Alevels/FSc or not but since i had it i can tell you how time-consuming and difficult it is especially in practice(coding). i dont think someone whose not interested in CS would be willing to sit down hours and hours to code and earn income. unless ofcourse you have patience and are willing to have an unhappy professional life that doesnt give you peace. business on the other hand can also make you money if you get into a good bank/finance department and work your way up or start your own business. Overall in my opinion both CS and business can make you good money if you work hard in the field. (for context i had CS as my first pref too but i got into sdsb)
Honestly if you are not interested in coding or computers then you should really reconsider, cs is not all sunshine and rainbows as people make it out to be. Its really competitive, if you are not passionate and hard working you will get left behind.
Job karke paisay kamanay tou LUMS se bachelors karlo, GPA lelo and masters ke liye bahir bhaag jao and phir wahin settle hojana.

Plus honestly do what you like, and be the best at it. Money will start flowing in one day or the other and you will actually enjoy the process because you like what you do.
Bro go to FAST then
Can you give me a rough amount of how much these business people earn
Ig Lums and IBA grads start from an average of 100k and climb up to 300-500k within next 3-5 years.
Ummm ok so business is a no A BIG NO! Thanks tho
alr😂
Bro do you think that you'll earn a paycheck of 1.5M in the first month of your job. If you do CS or any high paying degree.
Everything takes time. GREAT THINGS TAKE TIME. 
Give it your best and be patient. Work hard and you wont even know where the money is coming from.
Starters k liye Pakistan mein 100k bri baat ha. 
Haan if you go abroad phr alg baat ha. R LUMS ap ko achi opportunities provide krti ha. But still If you think k srf university achi hony se ya degree top notch hony se ap ki earnings high hon geen to you're wrong. Mehnat krni prti ha. Degree k saath saath experience r certifications b bht matter krti hain.
I agree but it's true Kay Kuch degrees Kuch fields ma ap jitni bhi mehnat kero apki us level ki progress Nahi hogi Jo apki Kisi aur particular field ma hogi. So I mean agar hardwork he kerna ha toh kisi aisi field ma kero jaha there will be more FRUITS.
CS ma obv the more skillful you are the more valued you will be. But In the business sector I don't see this. Plus you cant do freelancing or earn from other sources business field. Do enlighten me tho
Well I don't agree with you. Paisy degree se nai aaty. Ap k kaam krne se aaty. Ap k skill set se aaty. Ap ko jo opportunities milteen un se aaty. R to r place matters. Agr ap eik national level company mn kaam kro. Beshaq kuch b ho. Manager, assistant, even CEO b ho. Prospects kam hi hon gy. Jb k wo hi ap eik international level ki company mein jaaty ho, farq to ho ga. R wo ap kesy jao gy, apny ap ko worthy prove kr k. Degree jo mrzi ho, job mily jaati ha agr sahi jgha dhoondi jae.
If a person belonging to CS background gets into an AUDIT FIRM and then he wants to get an executive position, impossible to nai kahun ga but mushkil to ho ga obviously. But agr usi firm mein eik accounting background ka bnda ho r wo chahta ho k executive position mily to us k liye comparatively easy ho ga.
bhai paison ke baaron me mat socho itna. cs is a field that is rigorous and requires a lot of passion to do. if you hate coding and problem solving, it is NOT for you. if you are earning more and your job isnt something ur passionate about then that’ll truly affect your mental health. i would suggest follow your passion, go to sdsb, do a computer science minor and go from there. 

ya agar waqayi paison ke peechay paghal ho then go to fast
honestly, put money at a side right now and go after something which genuinely interests you because you wont be able to survive 4 years of undergrad doing something for the sake of it. 

also, what were your creds if you dont mind me asking?
I know for a fact my happiness is based on money so CS here I come. 
93.89% matric 
89% fsc part 1
Really athletic , Good ecs
honestly jis cheez sai pyar hai wo karlo  phir usi mai mehnat kar sakho gai or kamai hogi. Business wale log bhi kama rahe hain sirf mehnat sai kam karna parhta hai.

Baki im not sure about it but wont you be able to get a minor in cs and " earn from other sources" too
Guys, how important are extra curriculars for sdsb.. and I got 1370 in my sat.. idk what to expect?
Honestly do whatever you have actual interest in for your undergrad. It's hard to survive 4 years studying something you're barely interested in. You can study MGS or ACF at LUMS and do a cs minor alongside.
Where are you getting those numbers? Like the numbers for the entry level CS grad salaries? What's your source?
People around me.
Do correct me if I am wrong 
Dawwg where u gettin your info from 🤣🤣
Tbh living examples Infront of me
Fr bro is living in fantasy land 😭
Whay😑

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvgm4s/hostel_or_rented_roomportion_near_lums/
Hey, as the title says please suggest some affordable space near LUMS for a male. Car Parking is a must. 

I would suggest getting hostel accommodation in University. It’s worth the money if you want to make memories with the friends. If you live outside the uni in an apartment, you are gonna miss a lot and regret latter. I just graduated and telling you from my experience. University hostel rooms don’t have ACs but common room on each floor do have ACs.
The hostel fee is like 75k per semester.
You can also park car inside LUMS.
Whats wrong with hostel?
No AC. And I m not really sure about the charges either. Heard they cost somewhere around 40K. Not really sure though.
Also, open to sky parking.
40k etc is for a single semester. Not one month.

AC yeah, but usually people sleep in the common rooms during summer, where they are AC.
40K for a semester is quite a steal lol. 
I know about the common rooms but I m not a student, I m a research associate there. Not really sure if I m eligible for hostel space inside.
Even as a research associate, securing campus accommodation at LUMS remains an accessible option. The dormitory fees are reasonable, and the culinary offerings are exceptional, making it a compelling choice. Alternatively, seeking rental rooms near LUMS presents challenges due to steep pricing, typically ranging from 30,000 to 40,000 rupees per month, exclusive of utilities, food, and transportation expenses. Platforms like OLX and [Zameen.com](http://Zameen.com) offer avenues for exploring available rental listings near LUMS
No offense but your comment seems to be ai generated 😂
do you think I had the time to write a long comment for a Reddit post when I had other convenient option? 😋
Lol you are right xD
I couldn’t find anything good on OLX or Zameen near Lums.
&gt; the culinary offerings are exceptional,

Lmao
😆  
its true LUMS has amazing food
Ahhh ok. Your case might be different. Suggested on campus accommodation because its located in DHA. So high rents etc besides utilities+ transport costs.
I will give it a try though. Recently, housing office asked me a favour lol so maybe it’s time I get back to them.
try askari 11 sector c apartments. ig 2 bedroom apartments with around 30-35k rent monthly. however would help your case if you have know someone in the army otherwise you would be put on a long waiting list
What I have heard is that they don’t give apartments to Bachelors.
yeah but would help your case if u know someone in the army
I don’t 😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cvbtaj/needed_some_help_take_5_minutes_out_of_your_life/
So I’ll be going to NUST cuz I’m most probably not gonna make it to lums this time cuz of my SAT score is way too low for SDSB. Currently giving my A level finals and I’m expecting like A,BB or AAB. So do you really need to tell them you took a gap year (well in their eyes ofc) if you apply again next year even tho I was at NUST for a few months and applied again? Can’t you just prepare transcripts again from your school and show them to LUMS that you need to sit for your CAIES and moreover I’m also planning to give an extra subject or maybe a retake in OCT/NOV or MAY/JUNE. Will this make it feasible to get a transcript? Will lums accept transcripts without them knowing I already gave my A levels? Is there a way? Really need some advice!
If you are applying as a freshman I don't think you have to tell them or anything though I suppose you can say in your gap year prompt and essay that you were in NUST and how that helped you. You will just give them your Alevel and Olevel results. I took a gap year and just uploaded my Alevels and Olevel original certificates, nothing from the school.

Would recommend you take any subject this October November as Lums doesn't accept improvements from May/June.
what did you wrote in your gap year prompt?
Bullshit mostly lol. I just wrote that I was exploring my options and that I did an internship and some online courses and such. Wasn't very serious.
i’ve a friend who got rejected from lums and committed  to FCCU. Gave Urdu exam in O/N sesh, the march DSAT and LCAT and applied to lums again as freshman. Got in, left fccu and joined lums as a freshman student. They had no way to verify where he was studying cuz he just made things up in his gap year prompt. 

Can definitely work out for you if you’re discreet about it. 

Also, just a small suggestion- you really don’t need a lums degree to be successful in life :), in case things don’t workout. Try applying for IBA karachi too in R2, good luck with everything
Credentials?
Did you get into LUMS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cva3sb/any_clue_when_lums_will_be_releasing_the_next/

They've been releasing a few acceptances every other day
I think they only have been sending acceptances for sbsd not hss or any other is this also true
SSE and sdsb. Haven't seen acceptances from hss yet

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv9iud/why_people_pay_pkr_1m_per_semester_in_lums/

Its very expensive. I got 80% scholarship in the US and ever after that it was $23k an year. The tuition fee was just $7k but the rest of the expenses are crazy, they need you to have health insurances, the dormitory fee and so much more. Apart from that you need to work over there and the maximum legal hours are 20 which aren’t enough to afford things so then you end up working in cash where they pay you very less. You are out of your comfort zone, you have to manage domestic chores along with the academic pressure as well. Go abroad kehne se kuch nhi hota sab dekhna parhta hai. And guess what the worst part is? Jo universities thori aap ki range mein ati they are very low tier universities with an acceptance rate of 80-90%. Ab now you tell me would you pick all of this or a degree from top tier university in Pakistan which has a decent reputation worldwide as well in like 20% of the amount you would have had to pay abroad?
The living costs alone can be just as same as a lums degree lol.
this
If you are thinking about Australia tou I have a friend with A*s in A level and guess what Australia barely scholarships deta hai. He had to pay Pakistani 10m. UK ka bhi same hisab hai. Be realistic please aese kehna asan hai go abroad jana nhi
Was it 10 million Pakistani rupee per year ?
Yes including the living expenses and everything
what are those low tier universities
State universities usually.
UT-Arlington ?
[deleted]
Contemplating . Living and everything comes out to 60 lakh per year . Also, they get you on the credits .

The i20 has fee for 12 credits but you always have to take 14-15 to get your degree
[deleted]
I mean yes if you look at that from that point of view but masters in the US makes more sense since better employment opportunities and H1b also favours you more .
[deleted]
Well you are right . But " I " believe you should go for the route which the system favours you more .
It's my opnion .
Please don't take it as if I'm being offensive or condescending
People tend to undermine LUMS alot. LUMS is far better than a lot of t100 unis but is only ranked top 450 internationally due to the bad reputation of Pakistan.

Moreover, most unis in the US that people usually get accepted into are barely t50-100s (for that alone u need a better profile than u would for LUMS) and cost like 5-10x more than LUMS. So, getting the same education/ degree from LUMS which is cheaper and less competitive than a mid-tier t100, it’s a pretty sweet deal.

You probably have no idea abt what ur talking about, do some research before u make such dumb posts again.
lack of knowledge and the urge to get out of this country make people think that way. but the majority of the people know the worth of LUMS.
Ikr, people think that bahir/ abroad jana to study is everything when in reality LUMS is usually a wayy better and more viable option, with a lot of scope for decent international jobs as well.
Bro has not heard of living costs and foreign currency depreciation
Because that is still cheaper than abroad.
Since when did lums and universities from abroad cost the same? What drugs is this guy on?
Bro lums is a place where students who did get into good places in the USA, but couldn't make it there due to expenses so they end up at lums. 

For my case, I got in NYU. They gave me a scholarship which covered 85% of the tuition fee. However, rest of 15%fee plus cost of living was around 90 lac per year. Lums is the final resting place of ambitious students who get into USA unis but join it due to finances. Too close yet so far, that's when lums come to rescue
Same bro
Rejected the NYU offer. LUMS it is I guess
OMG SAME , Didnt get any scholarship from NYU though..
nigga isn't in his damn mind
Because their parents have that kind of money 🙏
[deleted]
Thats all well and good but the problem is that even a mid tier university costs an arm and leg
[deleted]
Brother 
When you transfer from Community College to university , very few universities offer scholarships to Transfer students . 
Best bet to have maximum amount of scholarships is to apply as a freshman . Plus , transferring from community college involves moving cost as well and that also counts a lot . Constantly moving around the US for your degree .
About the internships , depends on the Major and school as well .
There are multiple universities out there that reject CPT even if the internship is related to your major . 
Overall , you are always on your toes .
Also , the tuition on the i20 is of 12 credits .
You always have to take more than 12 credits per semester .
[deleted]
Yes . Given that your minor courses you take at a community college are online + California Community are way expensive than Texas Community if one would consider this method as well .
If they are not online then your full day will consist of taking classes and going back and forth between campuses
[deleted]
Yes 100% correct . Fortune favours the Brave .
I meant that if you find community colleges that offer online credit hours but are based out of California so it might be expensive
Also , if you are going to attend a US University 
I suggest you look into IvyTech Community College .
They offer you credit classes online 
You can take first semester courses like Calculus 1 and English from Pakistan if you want

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv4bor/anyone_in_lums_right_now/

Nah, everyone transferred to Harvard
kyun bhai .. kya scene?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cv28kl/does_lums_have_a_bias_against_gap_year_students/
Any gap year students that got in? What were your creds
Honestly, saw so many of them get in before regular students. Anything that just matters is they utilised their gap year to a commendable level. 
I had a gap year and got into sdsb. Reasoning I mentioned for it was due to covid. Creds weren't anything outstanding either. 1370 in sat, 10 subjects in olevels with 1 A* and 4 As, 2 A* and 2 As in A level.
All that matters is your profile if it's robust then the gap year is unlikely to have any effect on your chances of admission, plus ik many people who got into LUMS with multiple gap years. However, you need to show them that you weren't just binge-watching Netflix and utilized it well.
Had a gap year. Got into msghss ( first preference).

Sat: 1450. Olevel: 6A* 2A, AL: A* ABC

Ecas: average 

PS: Good.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cux9zj/cs_majorminor/
what alevel subjects should i have for cs major? if i have business, math and psychology do i have a chance or should they be from it, further math, computer science, bio, chem? can someone guide me? 
You need at least three full credit STEM subjects to fulfil the criteria for sse admission. So yes, you need to have any three out of math, chem, bio, phy, cs, it &amp; further math

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cutn06/after_undergrad/
i want to know if lums science school graduates can get in top universities for post graduation, like MIT, Stanford or Harvard? 
LUMS is famous for placing its students in the top colleges in the US and worldwide.  Many students after graduation from LUMS go to the Ivy Leagues and the t20/50s in the US for their grad admissions.
Yes if you work hard enough
Ur uni name doesn't do Jack shit just focus on attaining a high gpa and doing internships as well just build up ur cv from day 1.
MIT DOESNT OFFER EXTERNAL MS OMG DO SOME RESEARCH
are you in your damn mind LOL
if you're so well learnt then why don't you help us out?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cut8yu/ma_got_accepted_today/
I’m in my first year of FSc. and I got accepted in LUMS today in BBG school. I have international awards, i have gone to the UN as a representative of Pakistan on the issue of Palestine. I am an FSc. student but i have 8A*s in O levels. i also have 1620 SAT. I got accepted today but still, do you think i have a chance?
i guess u will be not coz you didn't solve palestine issue yet...n thas score is way to low...better luck next time.

we will pray for you(or not)🥲
yeah, i failed as a UN representative, but who didn’t!??
🫡🫡🫡you are selected now saar🫡🫡🫡
Yaaassssss
Honestly very slim chances I'm sorry
oh no 🙁🙁
but how you get 1620 out of 1600 ?
i’ve been wondering that myself 😩
Tell me you couldn't get 1700 without telling me you couldn't get 1700
fr! i passed that challenge… next one: tell me you couldn’t get 20A*s without telling me you couldn’t get 20A*s
Lmao I did fsc and got 53 A*s on the side along with a solid 5600/1100 in fsc
nah that’s mid, i got a 7000/1100 in fsc and 80 A*s 😩🙏🏻
Good job man I'll get there too some day 😔
you will become one of the pro SAT test takers one day brooo
I wanna smoke what bro smoked while writing this
no smoke pure talent🦧
University of Turbat for you little bro
gyad darn it! i also applied to harvard, now i don’t think ill get in
You had me for a sec :')
i think BBG school gave it away 😂🫠 i THINK
yar you can take my acceptance, meri req a level nahi meet horhi, so if you can do that take my spot
chalo dedo apni seat, what are you gonna charge for it though? and Is LUMS going to agree with you? i want you to sign a whole paper!!!
no charge, if LUMS agrees that I can, you can have it. Call them
you should call them! my name is “Homvia Papay” tell them that Homvia Papay deserves this more than i do
who’d you learn that from? 😔🙏🏼
from the OG!! Butt Academy!
lame and insane smh
you got accepted in which department? Which course?
ADHD department in the course schizophrenia
[deleted]
thank you for taking out the time to express your opinion 🤗
🤓👆

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cuqqoo/financial_aid/
To the guys who opted for aid and got accepted: what's the docs they asked you to submit and before what deadline. And what's the range of the aid you are hoping to get as a not very "Rich" person.
dm
Pls send me the deetails  too🙃
did
hey tell me as well
sent
please do the honour here as well
Hey, can you share this with me too. Thanks a lot

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cupapc/is_lums_highly_competitive/
I mean, is it true that LUMS only accepts the best applicants? Is it for real that LUMS Meticulously evaluated every single applicant?   
If you got admitted into it, does it really means you are smart?
[deleted]
What were your grades?
[deleted]
No way this is average 💀
The admission criteria is unknown, and you gotta bring your A game to stand a chance
When will LUMS classes start?   
Is O'week mandatory to be attended?
In august of September prolly  
Mandatory?😂. i dont think anybody on earth would miss O' week its the most fun week.
4th of September
To some extent yes
It doesn't really mean you are smart but yes lums is competitive, especially SDSB and SSE. I would say that to get a garaunteed admission, you would need pretty good creds.
the thing is for the most part yes, People here are extremly smart, the thing is in my sse freshman year there were more than enough smart people as compared to less smart people that I had to bring my A game to every lecture, attened every tutorial and self study for hours just to compete with them ( as they are enough to raise the mean high) so in short v many laik bacha as compared to avg bacha

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cuisvj/will_my_friend_get_in/
My friend has 1\* 5As in olvel and has made his own ngo and has good ECs like proffesional work, he has applied for a literature major at lums hummanites school BUT HAS 1030 SAT, does he have chance of addmission
I don't think he will get in because his SAT score is below the minimum requirement for LUMS.
hmm.. but lums requiremet is min 8bs so like dont his olvly grades compensate thar
No I don't think so!
Very difficult 1200s ka to I have seen 1030 is just too low bro


hmm.. but lums requiremet is min 8bs so like dont his olvly grades compensate that and he has good ecs
it doesn't they consider sat seperately
Yeah they considered the whole profile  but  still 1030 is low it will significantly affect the profile although it says 8 bs cz you see there will be applicants with significantly higher grades on average and if he has written good essay has good ecas maybe he cant make it but still has a low chance although hss has low sat score pn average lowest i have seen being accepted is 1120 with 8as yes there might be a chance but lower cz I have seen people with 1200-1300 sat good O level good ecas still being rejected.  This is by no mean demeaning but a realistic perspective.  It always good to consider other uni options just as backup but don't have high hopes for lums just saying.
hmmm makes sense
Ho jaye ga with merit scholarship
i sense sarcasm
Someone get this man into harvard
real
No chance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cui2ma/internship_in_lums_specifically_research/
Does lums have any internship programs for the summer that I can join as a non-lums student specifically research related etc?
you can apply for LUMS research internship RISE, I'll be applying for this too, but it is kinda competitive
is it free to apply or do i have to pay a fee or anything if i am accepted

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cufp7c/urgent_help_needed/
I applied in SEE for Cs but don't have a background for it and second option was SDSB.I received a call for the interview and I am freaking out  right now,I dont know where to start,could anyone who gave these interview recently could shed some light upon this or even tell the questions that I could expect so I could prepare accordingly,help would be greatly appreciated. 
Just stay confident. What are ur creds?
Try to find a link between the two.You did A for example through which you found a passion for B 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cueqn5/decisions_acceptances/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cueqn5)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cue31n/ucl_vs_lgs_international_degree_programme_vs_tmuc/
Which institute is best for University of London’s LLB in Lahore? And why? 
Lgs one is not even like a uni, I mean who makes a uni on the third floor of a school? At least UCL is a proper uni
Thank you. Apart from UCL being a being proper uni, any other solid reasons to choose it? Does it have good teaching staff, and good supportive environment for students?
Don't know much about that, but all these international unis gives same degree of uni of london, so I guess it's on you how well you perform. 
Also if you are thinking about supportive environment from students well I can bet on that UCL would be better at that, I mean what support do we need if we are with like 20-30 students(yes lgs strength is around that)?
Thank you. Any idea about the total fee for 3 year LLB at UCL?
No, maybe you can check that out on their website
The fee section is not working but thank you for all the help.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cudwlg/international_students_acceptances/
Any student who applied as an international student received an acceptance yet? 


I did as an international student but no updates yet! 🤞
yes one of mate is SSE

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cud8c9/_/
At this point i want to ask. 
Rejections kab ana shuru hoti hain
last year mujhe july mei ai thi
Creds?
Ana Shuru hogi hein. But still very small in number. Rejecting the most obvious cases.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cubk9a/lums_scholarship/
Does lums give scholarship to students, eligibility criteria?
1. LUMS does offer merit scholarships, no separate application is required, automatically be considered after submitting your online application.  
2. Financial aid, its given on the need base  
3. NOP 120% scholarships a separate application is required for more details visit their website  
4. LUMS interest-free loans
[deleted]
it is very competitive to get

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu8whh/lums_acceptance/
Guys how do I know if I'm rejected or accepted, didn't receive an email or update on the portal. When will I get a response?? Or am I rejected
Wait 
Acceptances come till 31st july
im so done hearing this 😭🙏🏼
Hahaha same but this is also the only thing that retains hope. Kya pata late hee ajaye
true, hopefully
on your portal a new column of admission status alongside the others (application status, document checklist, etc) will appear when u get a response. Keep rechecking that and lmk how it turns out
Didn't get it yet, why????

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu781w/admission_portal/
hiii so i just received my acceptance like an hour ago and all the documents are there on the portal EXCEPT for the fee voucher? and because of that i don’t know the deadline for paying/accepting?
anyone else who has had the same issue pls reply thanksss
Did you apply for financial aid?
nope
Strange. I suggest that you email them your problem with an attached screenshot
Credentials
Which school?
it will generate after a while dw
when i got my acceptance, the fee voucher generated after 24 hours

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6yz1/guide_me/
Fsc student here. What does attested copy actually mean ? Do I have to get a new certificate from the board office with some specific stamp? And will I get a certificate of my first year result alone considering 2nd year results haven’t come out yet? And is the only way to get attested copies is to visit the board office?
Yes you have to visit the board office to get them attested! I got mine attested two days ago!
Do I have to take any documents with me ?
I can guide you through the whole process. DM.
you need to go the board office to get your resultcards attested. the certificates for our batch aren’t out yet, even the matric one. so you only need the to attest the transcript
You have to take your Matric and First Year Results Copies. The only way is to attest it is by Board Office. They will give you an envelope with a seal and you must not open it and directly courier it to LUMS.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6fc4/financial_aid_and_offer/
If your financial aid doesn’t get accepted it doesn’t affect your conditional offer right?
It doesn't. You just then need to pay the full fee
Can we withdraw from financial aid after receiving the offer?
Yes you can
And will we be considered for merit scholarship if we apply for aid?
Yes you will. In fact I know a couple who withdrew their FA after receiving scholarship

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu6dgy/did_anyone_get_financial_aid_decision_yet/

Didn't get yet. Haven't heard anyone else getting it
Oh okok thank you

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu5wgz/exec_mba_interview_call/

Got call for MS supply chain. Interviews are scheduled for next week
Thanks … was wondering if anyone got interview call/ mail for MBA executive yet?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu479s/if_i_got_into_one_school_can_i_get_into_the_other/
I got a conditional for honours in bsc but I'm aiming for computer science can I still get in
[deleted]
Me too just now😿
What time did u get it? And credentials please
Around 5 pm and credentials Olevels 8A*s1A
ALevels 3As1C SAT 1330 good ps loads of ecs
Which school did you get in?
Sdsb
Credentials?
In which school? 

Usually it is rather hard transferring between schools, especially from less competitive schools to more competitive ones.
[deleted]
Transfers to SSE are very difficult. I mean there is a process and some people definitely manage but be prepared to work overtime
[deleted]
I think somewhere around June or July.
[deleted]
Yes
[deleted]
No worrie.
YES, you can transfer to another school at the end of the freshman/sophomore year after meeting certain criteria, but switching to SSE is the hardest among all since you need to maintain a certain high GPA and take courses in calculus and algebra, plus the number of students applying and vacant seats left also matter.
Which did you get in ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu3jzt/does_anyone_know_total_acceptances_so_far/

No one would know for sure but imo 300-400
And there are many more to come; they'll complete the number of 1100+ students for the batch. And I've heard they are enrolling more students this year.
How much more?
Would you happen to know how many are enrolled in Ms programmes?
I'm not sure grad admissions :)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu2tzv/interview/
Does anyone has SSE interview tomorrow\\ or today was the last date?
I have mine on Tuesday!
Can you help me out here? I have my interview very soon, so how should I prepare for it? What kind of questions do they ask, etc. It'll be very helpful.
Come dm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu18tp/overrated/
What would you say about people claiming LUMS is overrated, or that it has lost it's value through the years? Obv people are still applying and love this uni, so it's interesting to see the polarized views. Would NUST or some other uni triumph over LUMS? Is it worth the extensive price? 
I've also noticed people saying "apply to USA instead of LUMS" as if it's a piece of cake (from someone who has gone through the entire experience)
Students aren't even getting visas now because everyone's trying to run away from here. Thoughts? 
if you can afford it comfortably ( your parents are not pulling strings like getting loans, not cutting back on current expenses etc.) then it’s probably the best option for you. 

If you’re basically just paying for it at the expense of losing some living standards or getting a loan it’s not worth the investment, IBA is half the price and gets you 90-95% of the experience. 

NUST is great value for money as the entire degree is only 15-16 lac which is what, 1/4th of LUMS but you get 70-80% of everything. The only thing NUST wont have that lums does is exposure to international markets and corporations, which honestly you can get yourself too if you connect with such people on Linkedin and get a few international certifications which eventually prove that you’re a great prospect employee.

An example of what I said would be a company like McKinsey. McKinsey hires 40-50 new consultants every year and 40-50% of their hires are LUMS graduates, 20-30% IBA graduates and the rest being NUST/IoBM/LSE people. This just proves that it’s possible to go wherever an avg lums student gets employed, but the path won’t be as easy for you.

If you’re willing to put in the extra work and are great at networking, i don’t see a reason why you should go to LUMS if you can save some money that you can utilise for your Graduate studies. You’ll get similar employment prospects with the exception of 1-2 major companies, as long as you’re a graduate of LUMS/IBA/NUST/FAST/GIKI
Yeah I would 100% agree that IBA is a much better choice than LUMS as it also gives u an edge in the economic hub of Pakistan aka Karachi, due to its strongest alumni network in the country present there... also it has equal value all over Pakistan... and as far as going abroad for masters is concerned, name any big/famous foreign uni and you'll most probably find an IBA graduate who has studied or is studying there... 

and also IBA has better hostel facilities, better infrastructure, better finance research and programs, and obviously a much older and bigger legacy being the Oldest Business school outside of North America, which makes it the oldest business school in the whole of Asia!
Dont compare lums with nust. Nust is shit tbh or maybe it's me who had great expectations from it.
(Nust grad here)
what were ur expectations
The freedom to choose my own courses every semester 

Not studying shitty irrelevant subjects in engineering 

Faculty being a bit cooperative (some of them are sadistic af)

Administration is full of crack old faujis

Rote learning in some subjects

Teaching ancient and obsolete courses like engineering drawings while not giving importance to much imp softwares 

Unnecessary stress but i guess that's common every where
That's interesting. Everyone I know from NUST can't stop singing praises about it. And I thought the social life there was good too, considering the clubs and societies, not to mention the events. I know of people whose life long dream is to enter Nust. Your pov is new for me so thank you for sharing.
Social life aint bad but my pov is strictly related to studies that too concerning my department (civil engineering) only.
bro, you're misguided don't have high expectations from a public institution run by the army!
indeed these insecure wimps can't get over their insecurity and can't help themselves but compare the best institution in the PAk with other crap universities!
there's no competition of LUMS in the PAK end of the debate!
Lums is seen as overrated because of the fees it demands and the fact you can get similar degrees cheaper and from institutions which are cheaper.

If you can afford lums or get scholarship/aid, I don't see how it is overrated as such in Pakistan.
Look, I’m from IBA. Every place loses its standard to an extent over time, it’s understandable. But when you take a look at the market and the kind of output LUMS has, it’s among the best Pakistan has to offer. Every place has its pros and cons, but to say LUMS is behind other universities in Pakistan is just being salty.
what abt iba?
Standard’s fallen, no lie. Akbar Zaidi has been horrible for us. Nevertheless, still the top choice (alongside LUMS) for graduates to get opportunities.
Bro kindly check dm
Firstly those who claim it is overrated or bash it are the incompetent folks who themselves couldn't make it to LUMS ( a great institution speaks for itself whether you praise it or bash it ).  Secondly, IBA, GIKI, and NUST are other great universities in PAK, but the thing is they can't be compared with LUMS, why? Because LUMS has distinctive traits and protocols that set it apart from other universities. All of their academics and entire education system are entirely based on that of the US, which is definitely not cheap and comes with a price tag, their exposure and campus life are unparalleled in Pak. Every year many students don't go to the US or the UK because it's very expensive now coz of the dollar hike and high COA and they choose LUMS instead which is a comparatively very cheap option and with the same academics and somewhat similar exposure.

and give me a break it is a very generous institution and I think it is the only private institution in PAK where 40% of the students are studying on aid considering the fact they receive no funding from the government or the Army WHATSOEVER. On the other hand, HARVARD is also a private institution in the US  but it receives massive federal grants every year, our education ministry should also learn from em and they should fund good private institutions.
You cannot disregard other people's opinions simply because you think they are "incompetent" and/or couldn't get into lums. Lums may give you an edge on your CV because of its name but everything else you must do on your own. Lums is not a necessity for success and that is the truth many lums worshippers do not want to accept. My sister went to Lums but all the directors of the company she's working in right now are alumnus of UET. See my point?
We cannot talk about the seniors and directors. 

In Lums faculty many have a Bachelor degree/Master degree from Quaid E Azam university. We have to look for the coming 40 years. In those 40 years the whole faculty and business director/high post will be totally different. Maybe your sister and similar batchmates would take those higher places .
Or maybe they won't. Whatever the case, at the end it won't depend on their university but their skills. 


Also the CEO of the company my sister is working in graduated in 2014 so I wouldn't say it's too far off to use as an example. 


Success is measured using multiple factors: skill, network and most importantly luck. You could be a gold medalist at lums and end up unemployed. Everyone needs to work hard for success, no university will offer it on a plate for you.
I'm specifically talking about some baseless LUMS cririques, don't specify it as a common belief in the first place! And yes I didnt disregard anyone's opinion everyone have their freedom of speech. And I'm not here to take someone's validation either what I said is my personal observation and opinion. No institution in the world would serve a successful career in the plate for you, you need to strive for it, indeed just like LUMS any top school isn't a necessity for success in life. Attending a top school is a privilege not an obligation. But what's the point of dragging this in a different path? LUMS worshipers?? What's the point of saying this? Just like I can't disregard someone's opinion you can't really validate yours!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cu0vhr/kms/
[deleted]
same bro not trying to flex but i got into berkely but havent received an offer from LUMS
why aren’t you going to berkely?
documentation issues unfortunately. 

i dont want to be on a gap year cuz of that
which school?
sse
4A in As 6A/A\* and 3 Bs, 1450 sat and im still waiting too, sdsb school
IA we'll get in
Admissions come till 31st. So have patience and apply to other universities.
Awards and ecas?
bunch of math awards mostly 1st place a few runner ups, some CS awards too, USEFP high achiever award, received and maintained 100% merit scholarship in A level, volunteered at an animal shelter, bunch of participation certificates including lums integration bee. Head of math category in my schools annual science event. Tutoring. A few more but cant remember rn.
go edinburgh
aa jayega. 1520 sat and got in end of may last year. easy ho jao.
bro do yk any student with low SAT score cuz mines way too low compared to the rest its 1130 , but my matric is 100% and fsc 80. applied in hss n sdsb
few friends of mine with similar sat applied but sadly no acceptance yet. Sat zyada dekhte hai ye waise despite an endless list of ecas. its a pak uni after all. they say the admission process is holistic but compared to foreign ones scores wagera (again mainly sat) pe zyada dhyaan dete hai
hsa ka chance hai but make sure to keep backup options incase
You've gotten all as you'll get in dw
ho jaye ga araam se, these are good grades
Hojaayega ezily. I got in with 1430 last year
Nust aur giki apply kerlo abhi bhi time hai
wasn’t giki’s last date 15th?
a student from there told me they extended it
Extended to 30th

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctkfkn/acceptance_email/
Do you receive an acceptance email or is it necessary to just keep checking your portal every day because I want to STOP doing that
My portal updated before and I received an email two days later. So keep checking the portal I would say ☠️☠️
Ok 😭😭😭
Chin up acceptance ayegi insha'Allah
Thank you for saying that!!!
us bro i wanna stop maniacally checking the portal all the time😭😭
I dont do that cuz too much heartbreak lol but yeah I am done with it
cant lums plz just tell me am i rejected or accpeted? that submitted is my least favourite word now a days
But it feels so good when you're newly done with your applicationnnn
everything feels good in the start and loses its hype after sometime 😂😭
No kidding 😭😂
You do
Best hai
mei thak gaya hu
Mai bhi ab itni umeed nai laga sakti
My portal updated before and I received an email two days later. So keep checking the portal I would say ☠️☠️
its been two years for me, i thought iss dafa hojayega its getting old now
Omg really??? For me it's the second time
Ok 😭😭😭
mera bhi two years as in this one and the previous
Chin up acceptance ayegi insha'Allah
Ohhh ok, so you took a gap year? Which school did u apply for? (Dont tell me its SSE 💀)
business school, studied enough sciences
Thank you for saying that!!!
Ohhhh well I applied for cs so it's like the most competitive field rn
us bro i wanna stop maniacally checking the portal all the time😭😭
'university of management sciences', lums has the best business school, i dont the best cs school
I dont do that cuz too much heartbreak lol but yeah I am done with it
Hmm that's true but cs is just the toughest degree to get into generally these days
cant lums plz just tell me am i rejected or accpeted? that submitted is my least favourite word now a days
Hi what are your creds if u don’t mind?
But it feels so good when you're newly done with your applicationnnn
everything feels good in the start and loses its hype after sometime 😂😭
No kidding 😭😂
You do
Best hai
mei thak gaya hu
Mai bhi ab itni umeed nai laga sakti
its been two years for me, i thought iss dafa hojayega its getting old now
Omg really??? For me it's the second time
mera bhi two years as in this one and the previous
Ohhh ok, so you took a gap year? Which school did u apply for? (Dont tell me its SSE 💀)
business school, studied enough sciences
Ohhhh well I applied for cs so it's like the most competitive field rn
'university of management sciences', lums has the best business school, i dont the best cs school
Hmm that's true but cs is just the toughest degree to get into generally these days
Hi what are your creds if u don’t mind?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctjjnp/i_want_to_join_lums_in_future_currently_in_o2_did/
Any tips what I should do focus more on studies how to study any schedule motivation after lums and i have to go for css
Am I on right track or a levels not a good option plz tell
aw cute i am on the same path waisay (currently giving A2 exams and waiting for decision tho)
O2 Mai reddit Pai agaye ho to agay Allah hee khair karay.
Zia ul Haq aur Bhutto k notes yaad karo lums ka na socho
Sab hojayega
i remember being this ambitious too man dont bully the kid
It is good to have a goal early on in life but don't get too fixated on it because if something doesn't work out it would probably hurt PRETTY bad
agreed. but again life doesnt end, so have goals but remain open to options and have backup plans.
Yes instead of having one set goal it's better to have a general direction you want to work towards especially at OP's stage. They should just try to maintain good grades and take part in as many productive extracurriculars as possible
How tf is this bullying???
calm down butt saab i was sarcastic/kidding shouldve added emojis my bad
😂🫠
?
I meant being this ambitious in OLevels is good. Cuz you do need good grades and extracurriculars for LUMS and OLevels is the optimal time to work on your portfolio. So good luck kiddo I hope you get A*s in O/ALevels and a 1450+ SAT score inshallah
Inshallah btw what is sat
Scientific Aptitude Test. Basically a standardised digital test by college board which is out of 1600 and consists of English and Math.
I suggest you prepare and give an attempt in your O3 vacations when you’re done with Olevels
Oh I understand
Oh I understand I’ll contact you once I get in o3
You're in your olevels lol, relax karo, work hard dont stress rn, sab hojaega.
I know but mu elders fear me that if i am not able to achieve good in i levels i wouldn’t be able to go further
You'll do well in your alevels, theyre not AS hard as people make them to be, believe in yourself, you'll go further.
Thx
Thx btw
When they said A2 olevels ki tarha 2 weeks mai nahi hota ( something was true about it)
I am in 02 rn I have chance
Yes just dont stress too much burnt out hojata hai 
your ambition will take you higher chap
Thx
Mai o2 mai mitti khata tha ye yahan lums ka puch rahay
Agay ki bhi to Sochni ha
Hello king!

As long as u are in Olevels, you one and only job is never let your grades down. Rn, it's time for u to worry about your grades. Did you know lums average is 8As in Olevels, but u gotta aim for 8A* inshallah. I have 8 A*s in IGCSE 

Only once you're in A-levels, you'll have more than enough time to contribute towards profile building. Abhi Kay Liye, just study and enjoy. Take things nice, slow, simple. Don't be overwhelmed.

Edit: One thing I recommend u that u start studying for SAT exam from now onwards. By the time you'll go in A-levels, you'll already be proficient. You need a min of 1350 for lums. But I've u invest time prepping for sat in yo summer breaks of O2, then Summer breaks of 03, &amp; by the time u start your AS level, appear for SAT exam &amp; I'm sure Inshallah if u put in small efforts from now onwards, ur gonna hit a 1500 mark easily. 

Note that DO NOT mess up your 02 &amp; 03 exams for the sake of sat "for time being"
Any tips to get straight as in o levels i still have to give 8 subjects had already messed up in 3 but wish I get A* or at least an A
Past paper practice

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctigiv/lums_admission_question/
I have 5A* and 3A in Olevels, 1350 in SAT And BBCC in Alevels. I want to apply for The Accounting and Finance Course. However I did not take Accounts in Alevels. My subjects are Physics, Maths, business, Computers. Can I still get admission for Acc and Finance or do I need accounting?
Accounting isn't required but your stats for SDSB are low.
Ah okay, what should I try to improve?
Yes, your SAT definitely. If possible Alevel as well if possible.
Ah okay, Thank you!
Your SAT is kind low for SDSB but fingers are crossed!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ctcata/chance_me/
O lvls-   2A*, 7 A, 2 B

A lvls- 6 A*

SAT- 1400

good EC's
Who hurt you in A levels?
GOAT comment
with those Alevels credentials blud should get hired by LUMS
Alevels k ye aap expected bataa rahe hain ya actual grades? And either way bro aisi kya majburi thi jo 6 subjects rakh liye 😬
Alevel which subjects did you take?

And which school?
Itne subjects mein do teen bache Alevels kerlein 😭
Why didn't you get acceptance ab tak?💀
Istg.💀
Meanwhile we suffering in alevels😭😭
not a chance
6A* Mashallah 
Need tips I am in al levels rn
bruh why're you applying in LUMS go abroad with those alevel grades *(yes bfr you all start shouting i know the SAT, i know that EC's are more important, and yes i know that some people cant.)*
No chance bro, your grades are lacking. Better to get admission in iqra

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct80qr/urgent_help_needed/
OKAY SO BASICALLY I HAVE A LUMS INTERVIEW TOMORROW FOR UNDERGRAD CS, COULD ANYONE WHO'S GIVEN THE INTERVIEW GIVE ME TIPS AND WHAT QUESTIONS TO EXPECT ASAP THANKSSSS!!!!!!!

I don't have a choice I have to clear in one go:(
Just chill and stay confident, dude! It's not like they're grilling you for a top-paying job. they might throw in some personal stuff about your essay or hobbies, just to get a feel for who you are. they might ask what subjects you rock at, so be ready for that. Just take it easy, you got this!
Interview is not to judge your book knowledge. They will check your GK, confidence, body language, etc. If you don't know answer to a question just apologize and don't show nervousness.
I got a call too,did you have your interview already?? Would love some insight in what they asked
Yes I did. It was a viva type interview they didn't ask me any questions about why I'm applying or why lums etc etc. They asked about my subjects, then asked relevant questions related it them. They do help you out when you get stuck. Since I applied for cs and my subjects were cs maths and physics, they asked about simple programming logic like how to separate digts in an two digit integer and then then they delved deeper into it asking what if the length of the integer was unknown etc. They basically were trying to see my thought process and whether it was logical or not. I was only asked one easy maths question which was plotting a graph for x(x-2). Biggest tip is be confident and stay calm if you don't know the answer. If they ask you about what you learned in your subject (like they asked me what simple programs I wrote in python) answer with the concept or topic you know best so when they ask you further questions linked to it they see how well your logic flows. Good luck&lt;3
what were ur credentials 😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7nq1/internships_in_lahore/
could anyone suggest good internships out there for CS, graphic designing, marketing, leadership or anything of that sort... preferably free or atleast not costing too much:)
looking for fun in my last vacations before i can legally be held accountable for my actions lol🙃

i also have tons of experience in graphic designing and social media related stuff so if anyone is looking for paid interns i am available be to scouted (dm me and i'll send in my CV🙏🙏)


I have done a paid internship in content writing and AI at a UK based firm, if you want details dm me.
I would love if you would be kind enough to share the particulars of your internship. Thanks
dm me
Pls do share with me too
dm me
dm'ing u bro
Hi! Can you please share details?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7ncd/is_80_good_or_bad_for_lums/
Guys if I get 80% in Hssc-1 (Fbise), will it be possible for me to get admission next year? Or is too bad? Because in my college, 80% is considered quite good, like you're easily in top 2 or 3 in the class... Because fbise has become quite tough now to get a 90+... 
For reference, I have 89.7% in Matric and Sat is also 1450+ predicted.. ECAs are good 10-15 including Sports, Volunteering, Internships and Jobs. (And will be applying to SDSB)

Kindly if anyone has some experience regarding this, guide me! I am feeling very stressed and depressed right now... I need someone experienced to give me some clarity!!!

Ur response would really mean a lot to me! ❤️😪
Don’t worry I got into SDSB with 1310
and other creds?
School your applying too?
sdsb
Hmmm. Maybe a bit on the average end purely from fsc standpoint and what you usually see percentage wise . SAT you should probably aim it to be higher( 1450+).

That said, I think matric score is good enough.

Academics come first but focus should be on a well rounded profile to compensate for any deficiencies which your profile shows.
Do they consider the board as well? like if my board was Punjab or Sindh for example, I would've easily gotten 85+ in fsc 1... but fbise has become quite difficult now to get that much... and Im saying this from a good student's perspective (like I have always come 1st or 2nd in school)
That I don't know as their decision making process is opaque once you come out of extremities. I suppose they do take that into account. 

But dw. Your matric is pretty decent as well as ECAs. If you manage to get 80-85%, then I would say focus on getting a 1450+ Sat score.

Also note that people with more weaker academic stats get in but we don't know what part of their profile lums deems exceptional. Could be an Essay, ECA or award. So the above Sat score is to be on the safest of sides.
okk bro/sis! I really appreciate u telling all me all this! Helped me form a perspective ❤️👍
Easily If SAT is accurately predicted.
Really??
Yeah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct7kit/decision/
How long after the interview will I get the decision

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ct69sj/a2_performance_shattering_the_conditional/
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
brother/sister i doubt you’ll go from 2a 2b in as to less than an average of bbc in your three best subjects. however, in the very rare chance it happens, do have a backup plan in the likes of fast, nust and giki. goodluck for your a2 results and hope to see u in september!
Thanks dear brother 🙏🙏
Always have a contingency back up plan incase you dont get in Lums. NUST, FAST jiska test desakte/desakti ho dedo. wese as far as I remember you need 2 Bs and a C atleast to maintain your conditional LUMS acceptance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csvakw/mba_interview_email/
How many of you have received an interview email? 


Didn’t get the email for Exec MBA yet

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csqavp/rejections/
Has anyone got rejection from lums yet ?
Yes
Yes people have gotten
Ohhhh isee
Bhai bht logon ki ayi hingi rejections u do know this reddit barely has like 50 active ppl plus ppl dont tell rejections but with every cycle both acceptances and rejections come
Shi shi kyunke abhi tk i haven't heard any

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cspp42/any_recent_acceptances_for_hss/
Heard that people started getting their acceptance’s yesterday 
Following

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csmzpj/rip_dreams_of_studying_at_lums/
The way todays p3 went I’d be lucky to get a C 
Ong, literally left half the paper empty. I don't think I'll meet requirements the conditional offer
Yeah, it’s really disappointing because I felt like I had a really good chance of being accepted, what am I supposed to do now
Try to get an A in one of the two subjects other than maths so even if you get a D in it your average of BBC can be maintained.
Obviously easier said than done but🤞
I’m hoping business goes smooth, man I’m so fucking tired this schedule has been so ass
Acceptance agayi or are you still waiting?
I’m waiting but my creds are good
what were ur As k grades
1 A and 2 Bs
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
Hamara batch hi manhoos hai. Pehle p1 ne tabah kiya. S1 hua hi nhi or ab p3
Compensate it with other subjects
MAJOR US MOMENT BROTHER!!! Got conditional offer at sbasse chem eng. I scored 8\*s in IGCSE with 2AS &amp; 2BS in AS LEVEL. With the current performance going on A2 exams, it feels like maintaining my As grades is next to impossible. I'd appreciate if anyone here can guide me kay "han abhi thora chance baki hai" in me 

Biology: AS grade is an A. Now Expecting 50+/100 in P4 and 20+/30 in P5 

Chem: AS grade is a B. Now expecting 40+/100 in P4 with 17/30 in P5 

Math: AS grade is B with P3 marks anywhere around 45/75 and P5 marks 30/50

Physics: AS grade is an A. P4 went just good enough with expectations of 45/100 and p5 around 17/30

Do I stand any slightest of any chance keep my hopes alive of falling into the range of BBC average of lums? Or Am I cooked? I can't relay on lums solely with my a2 messed up condition. Plan B is i buy fsc ki books and start prepping for nust entrance exam (i've given net 2 &amp; 3 but fsc syllabus had me in the first half. Needa score 130+ to get in eng there)
All you need to do is meet the 70% requirement. In other words, the average of your grades must be 70% if you do equivalence. Looks like you will get at an A in biology. Atleast for two other subjects a B looks possible. So you should overall meet the requirement.
Ibcc equivalence? Cuz A-levels equivalence is based on Olevels &amp; A-levels. I've got 737/800 in Olevels according to equivalence. A-levels marks would make up 300 to round an equivalence to 1100
So basically your A2 grades need to average out to a 70% yes basically. Isn't exact ibcc equivalency but more like if we take ibcc equivalency of individual subjects and average it out, overall you get 70% 

https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/s/itUVnPUvmD

See this to get an idea what combinations average out to 70%.

In addition, because your subjects are full credited in SSE, you just need the three best of the four to have the above combo. So ABC can work for example.
Make sure you excel in other subjects and it would be compensated.
and i thought i was the only one who messed up.  lets pray threshold extremely low hon. (btw if you dont mind what grades did you get for P1 and M1 if you appeared for it?) also any idea if i get p1A m1A s1A and p3B what would my consolidated grade be?
Do you mean last year? I had a B I got a A in m1 and a I think I got a C or a B in p1 I don’t remember
are you giving composite ya going with AS ka grade?
I’m going with AS ka grade
also bro ye batao pls i need hosla: if i have p1A m1A and get s1AorB and p3B what would my consolidated grade be?
Depends on how many marks you got in the As but I’d say overall A, btw how did p3 go aaj
bad-
i hope the thresholds lower to low 50s
But you just said p3 B 😭
i feel like ill lose 20+ marks- and the average threshold for A has always been 55 isliye super scared

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cslcp9/mphil_soe/
So i just got an email for an interview this week, someone please explain is this a good sign? and what are my chances now? Applied for the Mphil Educ &amp; Leadership program --- 
Congratulations!!
It's a good sign!! What was your major? Do you have work experience?
8 year long work experience, entrepreneurial mostly.
BEST of luck!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csjyhb/sahsol/
only for Sahsol pls

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1csjyhb)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csiihr/undergraduate_interviews/
Does LUMS conduct interviews as well or is the admission directly given? 
From what I've seen on the website, the shortlisted applicants are required to give an interview before it is decided that they get admission or not
The interview is only conducted in Lahore, right? I've heard they don't conduct it online or is it possible?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csi9kq/how_to_complete_it_please_help/
https://preview.redd.it/098ab217qk0d1.png?width=1069&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=10266b3d7175b916c2ec4f9e774d957a93b7c3de


Did you get an acceptance todayy?
No
what were ur credentials
1330 SAT  
98 MATRIC  
91 FSC   
Good Ecs And Awards (Inc. 2 internships)
nice! which feild?
BS ACF   
hve you gotten in?
Accepted today?
No
It'll probably update in a day or two
I had the same issue, emailed the admission office and they updated the stautus
Just mail them about it and it will be updated in no time
Hey brother can you kindly tell me the total amount of Tution+Hostel fee that u had to pay in the first go? if you're not comfortable telling it here, then u can dm me... but please do give me a reply, cuz I really wanna know about this, as i'll be applying next year inshaAllah.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csi04b/msphd_interview_group/
Whatsapp group for interview discussion

https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSZJ5vEJChqHRq5fwg44hS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csh0pc/entry_test/
How much does your fsc/isc marks matter compared to entry test?
it does matter but its not *everything*. minimum 70% for fsc is eligibility criteria and getting good marks in SAT/Lcat and having a good profile and statement is what matters more. Zada marks would enhance ur profile but not guarantee admission

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csgk4v/consequences/
A student has been offered admission into LUMS. If he/she does not maintain a minimum of 70% in FSc, what are the consequences going to be, and what are decent ways to cope with them? If you know please shed light. Will be appreciated.
Consequence ye hoga kai aap lums nai ja payen gai
either take 70% or lums won’t keep u.
As stated in the conditional offer, a student who fails to maintain 70% in FSc\ICs, his conditional offer will be revoked.
Your acceptance would be revoked and ultimately be rejected.
tata byebye
what was ur 1st year peecentile?
does that matter?
just tell... I am in admission office
If they miss the 70 percent they can appeal to the admissions office who will tell you that no dakhila sorry. So consequence is dalhila nahi hoga

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csfulh/phd_admissions/
Hii, has anyone heard back from LUMS regarding PhD applications? 

I applied for SBASSE. The LGAT itself was good enough but I didnt do as well as I'd have liked on the science aptitude test. Anyone?
Nope not yet
did you also apply to sbasse?
Yup I applied in biology program

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csfkly/acceptances/
Any acceptances today??

Do the people getting acceptances today belong to grad or undergrad
Yes
when?
When?
Three acceptances for sdsb
undergrad?
Yes mine just came
What were creds?
Ur*
if yes please mention if MS!!!! y'all undergrads are killing us
I got an invite for interview that too on Monday, I believe all MS students have to appear for an interview before the final decision.
yes,thats true you can join the whatsapp group for tips and stuff if you like:
Yes please, do share the link. Thanks
Can you share link with me too
Can you share the link with me as well please
I got invited too for Monday
How did it go?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csff2b/iba_mock_test/
It is helpful, do join!!!! 
*Maqsad IBA Round II online mock test is LIVE NOW!* 🙌

Attempt now to see how well prepared you are: https://forms.gle/ko8YrH5mnid86S8h8

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1csd3ia/are_all_interviews_done_or_not/
All those who got calls for interviews are you done or you still have to give it? I mean only after those interviews are done, we can see next batch of acceptances.
Who told you?
I think there's something we call common sense
Which you clearly don't have
I can judge by replies who got it or not
Yeah pussy
You made it even clear
There were some acceptances yesterday

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs5agd/rejection_after_interview/
What are tha chances of getting rejected after giving sse interview of lums
90 %
Really? Are the chances that high?
Yes
depends on how u gave interview.
What do you think of your interview?
I dont know it was 4-6 min long they asked me five questions i answered 4 correctly but they said my answers were complicated and they were laughing alot so i dont think it went that well
What questions did they ask?
Probability and python
Wait, really? Now I'm intrigued, what did they ask you about probability and python?
The probability of two people having same bday and then probability of three people not having bday on same day. Then asked about swaping values in python and how yo compare values of two arrays. I amsweres all correctly but they said that my answers were complicated
Oh wow, I certainly didn't think they'd ask technical questions in the interview, I thought it'd be more like getting to know about the student and stuff. Don't worry Insha Allah you'll get through!
wait..how do u find probabilty of 3 ppl not having bday on the same day

is the ans 33.34%
1st person has a 365/365 chance of being born on any day. 2nd person has 364/365 chance of not sharing a birthday with them. The 3rd person has 363/365 chance of not sharing a birthday with either of them.
Are you applying for undergrad?
Yes
Goodluck inshallah you'll get in
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs4l7s/what_surveys_is_lums_sending/
i’ve heard that lums is sending serveys? i received one in which it asked about how i got to know abt lums and all. are u guys talking about the same one??
yeah it’s the same one

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs2tb9/interviews/
What are the chances to get accepted in SSE for BS in Computer science after an interview call
Depends on your interview
50%, rest depend on interview

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs10sd/interviews/
how is LUMS calling you ? the thing is that i dont usually pick calls from unknown number so i j wanted to ask you if theres a specific number they are calling from or smth ?
It says Lahore university of management sciences in urdu on their call 
tysmm
If you dont pick up or receive the call, youll probably get the invite through your email.
Keep checking that.
Make sure to check the spam folder as well
+92 51 7080238 Is this lums I missed a call today in the morning
nah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cs0kaz/lums_sahsol_acceptance/
What are my chances of getting an acceptance, still havent gotten it?
Creds: 3A*s, 6As in olevel
1A and 2B in as
Didnt give sat and my lcat went okayish due to the maths section. Still have to give lat
Pretty similar stats
Also waiting for acceptance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cryctn/why_do_people_act_like_lums_is_harvard/
I know lums is a good university of pakistan. Maybe the best. But why tf people act like they will die if they don't get admission in here? It's not the end of life lil bro. There are many successful people who haven't been to LUMS. It's not a do or die situation. 

Lums won't magically make you successful. You will still have to do all the effort that you would do in any other university. 

If you don't get admission in lums there is nothing to worry about. After few years you won't even remember this. You'll realize that most of your suffering was only in imagination.

And this post is not for just lums. This is for every person who couldn't get admission in their desired university.
I think its all about the exposure and a great experience you get from lums which not any uni except NUST can give so you can say LUMS is the harvard of Pakistan . A lot people are aware that its not gonna give them 100% success probability , but it certainly can polish you further into becoming a certain someone and stand your grounds in professional life where you doesn’t feel like lost cuz of the push and supportive environment it gives you. I think its worth it, the effort and all 
And since there aren’t much institutes in Pakistan who can share common competitive ground with lums 
Kids would certainly die to get in lmao
Firstly, no sane person would say LUMS is HARVARD; they are in completely different leagues. It's just that people often classify LUMS as the Harvard of Pakistan. Even in the US, UK, or China, or where great institutions are located, people treat admission to their dream school as a do-or-die situation. So, for LUMS, it's totally understandable because students work really hard to be there. Their families have high expectations for them, and it's normal to get overwhelmed sometimes.

Not only LUMS, but no great institution in the world will hand you a successful career on a plate; you need to strive for it. A great institution merely provides you with an advantage and helps you achieve your goals. **REMEMBER: Attending a top school is a privilege, not a necessity.**

Not only LUMS, If you don't get into Harvard, MIT, or Stanford, it's not the end for you. **REMEMBER: College is what you make of it, not what it makes of you!**

So, it's entirely up to you. In the end, your abilities and accomplishments will matter much more than the brand of your college. Many people still fail even if they attend top schools.

What you learn and improve upon in college will stay with you for life—the friends you make, what you make of the opportunities given to you, and the overall exposure. It's a lifetime experience that will be remembered and will stay with you forever.

In the end, I hope you'll make it to where you belong :)
It is most DEFINITELY NOT.I am myself a graduate of University of Toronto, Canada.I have been to LUMS multiple times.It does not resemble any internationally ranked university either in terms of campus,student diversity,student drive for excellence or innovation.It is just a safe haven for mummy daddy kids to spend a lot of their parents’ money, act as douchebags by lording it over others that they went to LUMS and carry out morally questionable activities in the name of open culture and progressivism.
Boohoo. Fact of the matter is that you obviously can't compare Canada's best university to any university in Pakistan. It is equally important to note however that almost every kid who got into LUMS (especially in the last 2 years) could've easily gotten into Toronto as well, but not everybody can afford 80,000 CAD annually in international tuition.
BRO, YOU'RE RETARDED
You will definitely remember your university experience, even when you are 60.

LUMS is the most renowned university of Pakistan, and going to a top university helps greatly with future career prospects and further education. People like to console themselves with the disbelief that if they just work on their "skills", they can land high-paying jobs. While this is true to a certain extent, going to a university with better employer reputation is a blessing in current job market. So, yes, for people with a more serious attitude towards their future, going to a top university is a very big deal.
Yeah. Everyone should try to get into a good university. But ffs stop crying about it. So what if you got rejected? Nothing will change. It's the same world bruh. If you want to do something then kys if you don't get accepted. It's better than yapping.
Would you have the same attitude if there's death in your family? "Stop crying and yapping bruh, you can't change anything lol"

Not getting into a good university is a setback, and one is meant to feel some sadness over it. Maybe you are great at controlling your emotions, but that's not true for the vast majority of students who can't control how they feel. I don't mean to encourage obsessing over a rejection, but it is a little immature to just not care about others and shut them up if they feel like ranting. 

Also, excuse if I came off offensive - I was trying to make a point.
And it's also really IMMATURE to not be able to control your emotions like a well established person.
LOL you're compari a death with not getting into university. If a person feels the same level of sadness after not getting in a uni then that person needs some serious career counselling and therapy. 

If you think that you'll fail in your career by not getting selected to xyz university then respectfully, you're not good enough at the thing that you do.
Both, having a family member die and getting rejected from a university, are setbacks. Although, of different magnitude. The point is that people should and will feel some amount of sadness in their setbacks, and the other shouldn't just bash them for how they feel. 

Also, yes, not going to a top university is a failure towards your future career. There's a reason why graduate outcomes of some universities tend to be better than the others. 
Of course, one could make up for such a failure.
[removed]
I respect the sentiments of others that's why im saying this on reddit wrna logon ke samne unki bisti krna shuru krdeta. But i know it doesn't work like thay. Everyone has different mindset.
These kids boutta regret lums, shit is downgrading each year
I don't care but people related to me do
Relatable
As someone who applied to 20 US unis and got rejected (ahahahahahahahiamintears) let me tell you how Harvard, Princeton and every other university I applied to was so much more cooperative than LUMS.

Missed a deadline, emailed them, they said take it easy we'll handle it. Accidentally misreported financial aid information, emailed them, they said no worries, we'll fix it for you. There was leeway every step of the process. Some friends did not want to send their official SAT scores because of the College Board charges and emailed the university and they completely waived their requirement in exchange for the score-report pdf until after the admission. Despite getting magnitudes of applications above the quantity LUMS gets, and being the top universities in the world, simply understood and were super helpful. 

Now for LUMS, I needed to change the test registration which I had submitted with the application (why are the two combined anyway? having them separate makes more sense for this exact reason) and I asked both on the portal and by email. Waited a day and 3 respectively to get basically "nope can't do" responses. Note: the fees hadn't been paid yet and the change I requested should not have proven logistically challenging. If Harvey Mudd can do a portal reset on their end for me despite it taking a whole week, (btw had application fee waived for HMC too and applied with aid), I thought LUMS would be able to change a test registration for me, I find it difficult to believe people don't have actual emergencies on the test day itself. Anywho, I was at fault for not being informed of how their system works so, maybe it's on me. 

Btw why was the admission test in Punjab College Examination Halls for Lahore? Make it make sense that a university physically closer to me, the one I intend to apply to and intend to pay large sums of money to, would rather me go all the way to the other end of Lahore to appear for an exam which started 2 hours after the time I was supposed to be punctually present at, than just have me come to their own campus? You know what, maybe they can't accommodate all that many people at once, okay then how about the examination centre having basic cleanliness or maintenance. The building practically seemed abandoned. Entry was extremely slow, took 30 minutes to get from the entrance to inside. Oh hey, almost forgot about the musical chair arrangements instead of a standing queue for entrance registration desk? I had to appear for both the LCAT and the SAT (Scientific Aptitude Test)(Hey, I would probably call it something else to avoid conflict of abbreviations but whatever) which involved about 4 hours of just waiting around. Ykw maybe there were extraordinary circumstances for this so we'll let it slide too. 

I 'Asked Admissions' about whether there'd be some place to store belongings before the exam to get a "please refer to your admission ticket" or something to that effect, when in fact the ticket mentioned nothing about it and a simple yes/no would actually be sufficient.

I accepted a conditional acceptance offer and ever since the emails seem a little more polite and more helpful. The acceptance package definitely made me a little less annoyed and I'm gonna try to get some of the issues I faced fixed once classes start, no point complaining if I didn't, but all in all I think it's probably just the way you are treated which maybe makes applying students think that the institute is giving them a cold shoulder and therefore must be a big deal. 

Alhamdulilah for the acceptance and now I'm basically chilling but to the people still waiting for acceptances or ones who got rejected don't stress about it too much, things tend to not be black and white a lot of the time, there are other good institutes with their own set of pros and cons. Personally a cooperative administration is actually a huge prerequisite for a good university. While I can't say about LUMS as a whole just yet, the admissions team certainly was cold at times.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crxi1a/help/
Hey guys so ik everyone is getting their admissions and next year im gonna apply lums too. As i have seen ppl have chosen SSE over SDSB. My main question is does that mean the average students be able to get into SDSB who dont have strong acedemics? 
Hahahahaha brother average students don't get into lums , agay saal ao laga ga pata , baad main tum kaho ge agricultural department main bhi hojai chale ga .
Every school is competitive as fu**.
that agricultural department thing is so reallllllll
Yar if you want a confirmed admission atleast have 6A*s in olevels or 1500 plus sat. Iske baghair bhi hojata hai but it's not confirmed
Just because someone picks SSE over SDSB doesn't mean SDSB is for the average Joe! Both schools are super competitive, and you've gotta bring your A-game academically to stand a chance.
SSE
Confirm Admission: ~ 7As and 1500+ SAT,
Average credentials: ~ 5As and 1400 SAT.

SDSB 
Confirm Admission: ~ 6As and 1500+ SAT,
Average credentials: ~ 5As and 1350 SAT.
Zara HSS aur LAW ka bhi Bata dain
Comparatively low but unpredictable
okay i dont have the SAT score but meine lcat bhi dia tha, aesa kuch hota ke they prefer SAT over lcat?
Nope
No you need pretty good creds for Sdsb as well
you are absolutely r8 due to high applications rate att SSE its merit is very high in comparison to sdsb..Some normal credential students got into sdsb this year but not in SSE..But hardwork is must to get into sse or sdsb

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crw0qe/is_anyone_applying_to_the_lums_rise_2024/
Looking to connect with applicants of LUMS Rise Program.

P.S: if anyone got in last year, please share some tips!! ty
I'll be applying too for this program.
Can anyone tell me the criteria for this program like is this free of cost??
program's free but accomodation and food is to be covered by the applicant.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crvkmo/rejections/
Do rejections also come during this time or do they come towards the end. Moreover do they email you about it or you just have to keep on checking the portal daily? 
They'll email you.Dont know when they'll come in..
appreciate it thanks ☝🏻
No rejections come at the same proportion
oh alright thank you
My friend got rejected in April
What were his Creds?
1A*5A o levels
BBD A level
1100 SAT
ms or bs
Bs
for which feild? and did he give lcat also?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crttd4/can_anyone_dm_me_the_screenshot_acceptance_email/
Title^
No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crs8nc/acceptance/
Has anyone got accepted today?
no but survey zaroor aya LOL
Uska Kya karna😂
Inko sharam bhi nai ati acceptance k time Pai surveys ki email bhej rahay.
Banda Khush hojata aik second k liay
Everytime I get those surveys I feel like Okay I am rejected and now they are just asking me about my experience of that whole application process.😭😭😭😭
did u do it? 😭😭
Array I filled it the first time they sent it. This is the third time now and I am done😭😭
OHH OKAY not getting a decision atp is so annoying 😭😭😭 like NO I DONT WANNA DO UR SURVEY 😭😭
Maybe the real Acceptance was the friends we made along the way
Hanjee theek hogaya.
Apnay aap ko tasalli dene k liay acha hay
Thak gaya hun bhai😔
i got a frickin survey
Congrats 
10,000 others also got it tho
I didnt get a survey is it a bad sign?
did anyone fill that survey😭🙏🏼
Yes, someone jus posted it here

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crs2wx/survey_evilness_vs_acceptance_letter_wanting_to_j/
LUMS I CHERISH U SO MUCH but pls mein survey form 3 dafa bhar chuki hon JUST SEND THAT ACCEPTANCE LETTER I CANNOT LIVE IN THE DARK SHADOWS OF NO LUMS ACCEPTANCE LETTER ANYMORE 
IKR. They keep sending that poorly designed form again and again. Atleast correct the obvious logical mistakes in the form before sending them again.   
Question: Did you know about LUMS financial aid before applying applying? (mandatory)   
Answer: No  
Next Question: If yes then how did you come to know about it (MANDATORY).   
I didn't know about it, THERE IS NO OPTION FOR N/A.
I WAS JUST GONNA POST ABOUT THIS WHAT IS WRONG WITH THEM 😭 
Also your username 💀
love toji 4 life but no this no acceptance thing is killing me
Ikr same. Good luck! 😭
currently creating toji artwork
Please tell me wormy is a part of it too
yup it is, Im making the hardest toji painting ever, hope I drop it in time 😭
Well I'd love to see it when it's done!
Kasm se bhai 😭
US OMG I HATE WAITING ATP THIS IS UTTER TORTURE 😭😭🙏🏼🙏🏼
chill dude Harvard chali jana agr LUMS sy offer na ai to ez scene!!
harvard college road is so made for me
I swearrr..... bhej do yarrr

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1croqlj/any_whatsapp_group_to_guide_about_lums_ms/

Did you get the interview call today 
Yesterday
Following
Following

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crnuzp/interview/
I got call for interview. I applied for mphil edu. 
Any tips. 
Please 
Adhere to whatever you mentioned in ps
Did you give gre/lgat/nts gat?
LGAT 
And u?
I gave the same
Are you regular track or weekend
Regular
Same.
How was your lgat test?
I didn't prepare for it as much. 
Last night I did preparation for math only. 
English wala i was sure k thek hgya tha 
But had some doubts for math's portion. 
Wby
SAMEEEEEEEEE 
For me the time just kept running fast during the test
But best of luck for the interview!!!!! Do let us know how it went (since SOE is into student diversity, are you from Lahore?)
Sure. When is ur interview. Mera 22 hai. 
I am not from lahore. 
But i did my undergrad from lums
I haven't received any call yet
Did you receive email?
Oh i see what was your undergrad major?
I received a call. They said they'll send an email soon. 
Pol sci major
What's ur major and uni?
I got a call too. For 22nd may
Same date. What's ur time exactly. 
I applied for regular.
🕓
Check dm
Mphil edu executive program
Adhere to whatever you mentioned in ps
Did you give gre/lgat/nts gat?
LGAT 
And u?
I gave the same
Are you regular track or weekend
Regular
Same.
How was your lgat test?
I didn't prepare for it as much. 
Last night I did preparation for math only. 
English wala i was sure k thek hgya tha 
But had some doubts for math's portion. 
Wby
SAMEEEEEEEEE 
For me the time just kept running fast during the test
But best of luck for the interview!!!!! Do let us know how it went (since SOE is into student diversity, are you from Lahore?)
Sure. When is ur interview. Mera 22 hai. 
I am not from lahore. 
But i did my undergrad from lums
I haven't received any call yet
Did you receive email?
Oh i see what was your undergrad major?
I received a call. They said they'll send an email soon. 
Pol sci major
What's ur major and uni?
I got a call too. For 22nd may
Same date. What's ur time exactly. 
I applied for regular.
🕓
Check dm
Mphil edu executive program

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crm8py/lums_consultancy_group_and_other_societies/
I know that LUMS has a pretty selective consulting society which admits like under 15% of applicants. I want to ask when do applications for societies normally open and also how many societies do students normally apply to? Also, for the consulting society, are there any specific majors you need to have or is it open to anyone?
The applications generally open every year at the start of the fall semester. You will have a day during orientation week when all the societies will set up stalls. Go explore talk to them some also give free snacks. You can apply to as many societies as you want. I'm not too sure about the selection process of Lcg but I know they accept all majors. Majors don't matter as much in consulting you should just know consulting.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1crjmmz/affordable_masters_options_in_case_of_rejection/
So I did not receive MS interview call which apparently LUMS has sent in bulk. I need some backup options for Masters abroad. Been a few years since I graduated so my knowledge of affordable Masters is not up to date. 

Affordable as in under 35 lac if it's in a blocked account (e.g German system) or under 25 lac total uni fee

I know some MS students get admitted without interview but I think they would've called me to verify a few things if I were to be selected
Prioritize US your master's will be funded by TAs or RAs plus you can also take a loan which is easy to pay back since you'll get a job as soon as you graduate ( in most cases). if you can't make it there then you can also consider China or Korea, it's very cheap and you'll also get funding depending, upon several factors like your GRE score or academic GPA etc.
Thanks
Where'd you hear that lums sent calls in bulk? On Reddit? I think it's true aswell 
most thesis based masters in USA and Canada are supposed to be free (i.e., your TA/RA should cover tuition and living expenses). However, competition is also high because you are competing with students from around the world. Best to contact professors in your desired research areas and apply to those programs where you receive a positive feedback. Your chances will be higher. Good luck

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr72uf/interview_whatsapp_group/
Hi guys...I made a group for those who got an interview call from LUMS. I have talked to other people who gave the interview and have gathered some content. We can help each other out by sharing the details we have and share the questions that were asked.(For bachelors)

[https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSuRI8kcNG7C5z4XW0jxCs](https://chat.whatsapp.com/GSuRI8kcNG7C5z4XW0jxCs)
Are there any tips for a CS interview, for some reason I’m not able to join the group

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr5fp0/considering_biotechnology/
I'm currently an A1 student who takes bio, chem and socio. According to the LUMS website requirements I think I need to take maths, physics or cs but I'm not entirely sure.  
Could someone confirm this and suggest what I should do regarding my subjects especially considering that A1 is about to end?   
  
I'd also appreciate if anyone knows any other good biotechnology programs in Lahore or Pakistan in general and could let me know?
Forget about lums. You can't apply without 3 credit subjects
The full credit A Level subjects for SBASSE are Biology, Chemistry, Computing, Computer Science, Mathematics, Further Mathematics, Information Technology and Physics.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr47zg/when_financial_aid_decisions_will_be_out_its/

Womp womp
🙂🙂
Subhan bhai chill kro
😭G...
It typically takes few weeks, they do thorough verification of all the documents and stuff so it takes some time.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr2c38/extension_of_deadline_to_pay_the_admission_fees/
is there any way to get an extension for LUMS' first fee challan? or will they not consider you if you dont pay the fee challan on time?

(asking for a friend)
I wrote a depressing and emotional story to extend the deadline of fee challan by a week and they did it
What's your deadline now
15th
boss move
How much fees do you have to submit ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr27je/mba_candidates_alumni_please_read_this_and_help/
So, long story short. I need to get into LUMS MBA, this is my only chance to get out of Karachi (i really really want for personal reasons). I have an interview next week and 7 days to prepare. 

Please share your interview experience with me, i am willing to prepare anything. 
So far, i have made a list of following things:

- Job related skills/ knowledge 
- My PS
- Economy/ Current affairs 
- Subject related knowledge (Finance)
- Why LUMS and why MBA? 
- How will i fund this?
- Anything about me apart from my CV
- My extracurriculars (society and volunteer experience)
- Why not a specialised degree i.e.  MS Finance/Eco? (Since i am in high finance job)
- Justification for my bad intermediate grades (i mentioned reason in my PS).


Anything else you wanna add? Please do. Allah aap sab kou ajar dey. Please help me out. This is my only chance.. i have convinced my family buht mushkil se for this.. please bump if you see this.
Bump
I have a friend in MBA-Lums
Gonna call him in a bit regarding the interview and all
And i will update you
In the meantime, take a look at this

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/successful-lums-mba-interview-experience-2016-talha-nur-omer
Thankyou. Please please do call him and let me know
when did you get the interview email?
Today. 3pm
I have given my interview today and would be happy to guide you.
Check your dm
Hi, can you please guide me as well?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cr1dx4/my_speculation/
As for the past 2 weeks or so no report of acceptance. I suspect that the admission committee is going through all the applications and I feel like we will get a huge big batch of acceptances at once just like on 21st April and then small batches in the next few days with another big break in for June. What are your thoughts I am still waiting for my acceptance. 
Bulk acceptances aur rejections aye gi ab cause tareekh tou guzar gai hai fee pay karne ki
Nhi guzri sabki different hai kuch ki 15th may bhi hai
Ohh I thought the last date was 13th May
Kisi ki bhi 15th may nhi hei
Hai
Unho ne extend krwai hogi 
Wrna nhi heu
Hai bhai please  🙏 maanlou
Bhai aap ss share krdo
I was amongst the last ones to get accepted like on 30th of April my deadline was 10 may
Hai yaar please maanlou bhai please 🙏 😫😫
Khairyat hei apko??
Apni taraf se 15 bana di misguide kr rhe
Misguide nhi karraha yaar is community me kisi ne bola tha 15th tak hain logo ki. Khair lekin agar extend ke baad bhi 15th hoyi hou wo uske baad hi denge acceptances
mine too but I think its because of A2/inter exams maybe as the requirements/documents has to filled so theyll start sending after the majority exams are passed to avoid burden( maybe )
Yes probably!
when is result of A2 going to come?
Inshallah
There are different dates for undergrad and grad acceptances?
Why speculate?
Bulk acceptances aur rejections aye gi ab cause tareekh tou guzar gai hai fee pay karne ki
Nhi guzri sabki different hai kuch ki 15th may bhi hai
Ohh I thought the last date was 13th May
Kisi ki bhi 15th may nhi hei
Hai
Unho ne extend krwai hogi 
Wrna nhi heu
Hai bhai please  🙏 maanlou
Bhai aap ss share krdo
I was amongst the last ones to get accepted like on 30th of April my deadline was 10 may
Hai yaar please maanlou bhai please 🙏 😫😫
Khairyat hei apko??
Apni taraf se 15 bana di misguide kr rhe
Misguide nhi karraha yaar is community me kisi ne bola tha 15th tak hain logo ki. Khair lekin agar extend ke baad bhi 15th hoyi hou wo uske baad hi denge acceptances
mine too but I think its because of A2/inter exams maybe as the requirements/documents has to filled so theyll start sending after the majority exams are passed to avoid burden( maybe )
Yes probably!
when is result of A2 going to come?
Inshallah
There are different dates for undergrad and grad acceptances?
Why speculate?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqyuh3/anyone_here_applied_for_the_masters_in_business/
Please dm.
Yes i have applied
Did you get an interview call???
Not yet
Me neither
what school/university did you apply?
Sdsb what do you mean university?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqxti3/revised_offers/
When do that start coming??
Has anyone gotten one yet?
Bro......! Acceptances to puri aany do. Pehly hi revised offer ki yaad aa gai😬🤧🥲
in june july ig
What’s a revised offer
There's a chance u get a revised offer if a seat has opened up for you in ur first pref provided that ur credentials match w it.
[removed]
You don't need to apply, a revised offer could come automatically

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqwx7e/ms_cs_schedule/
guys, can anyone share MSCS class schedule with me for first year. I,ve to see if i can pursue it with full time job. TIA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqwkbx/guys_karachi_candidates_have_to_travel_to_lahore/
As the title says, i received an interview invite from LUMS and i have to travel to Lahore? That's absurd.
Yeap, I asked them if this could be done online, they said no, it’s in Person
Same..
Wtf actually?
Yep
Last yr it was online
Really? That's not fair. Admission de dein tou mein jaon.. yeh kia? I pay and travel itna dur that too by road (cuz poor) and what if they reject me? Lol
maybe request them to conduct it online. mention your location
I did, they outright rejected and said that interviews will be in person at LUMS
Dont worry, take it easy. Take is as a learning experience. Have fun, see new places, meet new people. Been there, done that long time ago.
That's exactly why i wanna get into LUMS. InshaAllah, i am very hopeful.
Great comment! Do consider what @creek_side_007 said, OP
Damn
interview for which field ??
It's online not in person
It's in person. I confirmed from admissions
that's surprising coz since the COVID undergrad interviews have been online
I am talking about my masters
oh ok
Is this for MBA? Do you have a place to stay in Lahore. If that's an issue. You can crash at mines. I recently graduated from LUMS too.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqw5bn/ms_business_and_policy/
I have heard from people that have applied for MS technology Management receiving the call for interviews.

IF ANYONE HAS APPLIED FOR THE MASTERS IN BUSINESS AND POLICY AND RECEIVED AN INTERVIEW CALL PLEASE LET ME KNOW.


Guys I think all the MS interview calls have been sent out so if you didn't get one...yikes
They take time, and the MS admission announcements role out till the end of june.
Then why is everyone getting interview calls since the past 3-4 days..seems like they are attending to the ones that have gotten in and once they are done they will roll out the rejections  by June
Is it true? I hope so
Why would you hope so?? Also it's just a guess but if you like an applicant your more likely to tend to them immediately that's how companies work anyway
I am hoping because i received an interview email.
You fg idiot stop being an absolute cxnt
All i can tell you rn is that dont be hopeless
Also, it is not necessary that they call you for the admission. If your credentials are good, they directly admit you.
I believe for the average credentials, they conduct the Interviews, to get a better idea of the person.
But till june, they do roll out the admission interviews.
Maybe your application is still under review
No interviews are mandatory for all masters applicants.In masters an interview basically is an acceptance.I don't know why anyone here doesn't know that.What you're referring to is the undergrad interview process where if you're not good enough they call you in to see what your about 

Have you applied well good luck
It's not an acceptance, they conduct interviews and kick out the candidates that they think are not fit for the programme, my friends are in masters and I've asked around yesterday and that's why they keep candidates on hold rather than just straight out rejecting them.
So what do think about all the interview calls being sent out at the same time...if someone doesn't get a call around that time what would that suggest..nothing good I'm assuming..
I got an interview call myself, all I'm trting to do is give you a reality check because being called for an interview does not guarantee an admission, I'm a LUMS graduate on a gap year after my degree and I applied for MBA when I was in my 7th semester and they rejected my application saying I needed work experience if I wanted to learn anything from MBA programme, and you'll get what I'm trying to say when you go for the interview, so prepare for it
I appreciate your insight and get what you mean.Thank you for sharing but all I'm asking rn is if you think the timeline has any importance.

If everyone from all the MS programmes are receiving their interview calls and someone isn't (me) that would be a bad sign.

I'm not sure if they make interview calls at the end of May June or July.I BELIEVE they will send the rejections by then not the interview calls.Whatt do you think?
Look they basically conduct interviews for all the programmes and there is a set number of seats each year, with IBA if someone does not clear the interview they don't pick students from below the cutoff score or bump students up if someone does not pay the fee, with LUMS it's different, they will kick alot of the people appearing for the interview and then send out more interview calls and the process continues everytime someone drops out or doesn't pay the fee or does not do good in the interview, they basically want a whole package rather than your creds and alot of people fluke the interview because of the pressure of it. So don't lose hope, apply for IBA round 2 and LSE to stay on the safe side and have some backup options.
Are all MS departments sending out interview emails to applicants? I applied in SOE. Any news about it?
yes,from what i know everyone seems to be receiving emails and calls today,hopefully the rest of the applicants will  get their calls in the coming few days
I hope so too. Best of fates to everyone!
Hey in which track of soe did you apply? regular or weekend?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cquyzc/guys_i_need_help_i_got_calles_for_interview/
So, i applied for masters in supply chain and today i got this email for In-person interview on 23rd may.
I live in Islamabad and i have to travel to Lahore for this
Is there anyway we can ask them to make it online?
PLS PLS HELP
Interviews are meant to assess the candidate in a different light, so it can't be done online whatsoever, to check
Whether you align with the PS you Provided or not that will be clear when you will be interviewed.
Thanksss
That makes a lot of sense
I live in lahore but I still got an online interview. Maybe try emailing them about your situation because they definitely can hold them online.
You applied for ms/mba?
Please let us know how the portal is updated once you are called for an interview
Will surely update
Update: I replied them asking if this could be done online, they said no
It’s in Person
SAME THEY SAID I WILL HAVE TO TRAVEL FROM KARACHI TO LAHORE WTF
ISTG, I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY
THIS IS MAKING ME WORRY EVEN THO I HAVENT EVEN GOTTEN MY ADMISSION BUT DONT WE ALL HAVE CIES??
I GUESS IT WILL BE DIFFERENT FOR UNDERGRADS BUT WTF THIS IS SO UNFAIR
that’s insane don’t they realise that majority of the applicants are currently appearing for their A2 caies how are they asking you to travel to lahore from islamabad ? didn’t you try reasoning with them and telling them about caies
He's a masters applicant not undergraduate
ohhh alright
i completely misread it i hope they’re not doing the same for undergrads
Yeah dont think they will do the same
Applied for the same program. Interview on 27th. Asked them If it can be online since I am in a similar situation but they said No

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqu12m/lse_whatsapp_group/
Sorry it is not related to lums.
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LJYzozNLfOg6klFajdQCyx
I just created a whatsapp group for all those who are applying for LSE this year.... Here you can share all your queries and help each other.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqsiy0/update_on_acceptances/
When will the next batch be released has anyone received acceptance today or yesterday?
did anyone receive them? I'm still waiting

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqs22p/mphil_applicants/
Hey, has any Mphil candidate been approached for interview or admission process yet? For SOE specifically?
I applied for MS and just received an email for interview. Has anyone received any update?
That's good. Best of luck for your interview. I've applied too but haven't received anything yet.
Same, one question tho
Is it online or in person?
In person.
can i ask what major?
MS HMI

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqjezm/ms_tme_sdsb_lums/
Hey! I'm an aspirant for the ms technology management and entrepreneurship program at lums. I was wondering how competitive is it to get into the program. Would a 3.1 cgpa and 65 on gat exam do? Also, when can one expect to be called in for the interview? 

Looking forward to hearing from people who have applied for ms at sdsb and those who are particularly interested in or pursuing ms tme.
Following
I just received an email for interview I have applied for MS HMI.
Cool, I got it as well.
Best of luck
Hey did you get an interview for TME or HMI?
I had first division in my bachelors, and 69 on Gat.
How did you check gat results

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cqajrm/interviews/
I got an interview call day before yesterday. What makes LUMS want to interview someone. Is it a good sign or a bad sign.
It means you are being considered
But most get in without the need of an interview
Those are clear cut cases
So it's a bad sign 😭
It means that your a good candidate and they are considering you.
They probably needs to confirm something about, so if the interviews goes well then you are in
Is it usually when they have suspicions or problems with some of my ECs?
Not really, they are just not confirm whether they should give admission or not, in short they just want to get some answers that will allow them to differentiate you from other applicants
everyone who is telling its for financial aid is wrong bcz financial aid interview takes place after selection ,secondly this interview will be for SSE and science related questions will be asked there
The call you when your SSE test goes exceptionally well but your grades aren't up to mark, that's what the former Dean of SSE said in a podcast.
which school?
SSE
[deleted]
I read that somewhere else as well but the thing is that I did not apply for financial aid
when is your interview? and at what time?
If you applied for financial aid it might be related to that..

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq9ac2/accepted/
How and where do i send the Olevel equivalence to lums? 
Sent an email to them with my tracking ID and document attached and got a weird bot response
Did you get accepted today?
In april
That is enough

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq91cr/choosing_a_degree/
okay so i got into lums in the first batch in mghss eco stream but my first pref was sdsb acf. i wasn't rlly happy on eco but I paid my fees bc its lums. i am hoping for a revised offer. should I apply into iba too? or just focus on mdcat as I am a pre med student
What was your sat
1350
Full credentials?
No harm in applying
Whats the point of giving mdcat if youve already paid the fee cuz the test is gonna happen in September and ur probably going to miss ur oweek and first days at LUMS.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq7xpg/unilever_internship/
A bit unrelated to admissions but I'm currently in junior year and I applied for the Unilever internship in March. Qualified for online assessment, qualified for digital interview. 

However, for the last stage, i.e the technical interview, there has been no update as of yet and I've heard they delay that process for a bit.

Has anyone recieved any progress regarding the matter or is aware about when they usually release the technical test?
Hi unrelated but as i searched for uniliver internships previously high school graduates aren't eligbal for them right!
Nope, only 3rd years and 4th years in uni!
Yeah ppl who were selected are already notified.
for the technical stage?
Boycott
(Sorry but I HAD to say this rest is yours to decide)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq424h/interview/
Do all people get an interview call for SSE or just a few? And on what basis?

&amp;#x200B;
Not all but those who couldn't make the cut but their SSAT went exceptionally well and the interview is most likely about your major subjects
is there any more info on this? could you send the source

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cq246w/mba_interview/
Any MBA candidates received call/ email for an interview on 10th May?? 
I received an email on 13th. Should we create a group to share experiences?
when is/was your interview? In-person or online? You from Lahore or outside?
Mine was in person. I'm from lahore n it was on 21st. Do u have one as well?
yes, day after tomorrow. How'd you interview go? what do they ask?
Sounds good. Good luck. They basically start from your intro. Some country economy related questions some book related questions atleast that's what they asked me
[deleted]
I think just review your resume thoroughly and make sure your intro is as per your resume. Secondly remember speaker governor names. You will be asked about economy n book reading. Be honest n only try to address the questions you think you are sure about
Got email today for EMBA
Nah, did you get one?
No, someone who applied with GAT did.
hellloo op did you get one?????
No. But someone who applied with GAT did.
Sai tension hori hai. Any idea when they started rolling out these emails/calls for interview?
People are receiving emails😭
10th May se shuru hui hain as far as i know
Yes I have received the email
Are you from Lahore? Did you apply through LGAT or GAT/GRE/GMAT?
Also, check you dm please.
Yes I'm from Lahore. I sent my GRE scores but I took the LGAT too just to be on the safe side.
when is/was your interview?
Someone who applied for MS technology Management did aswell I feel awful now
Any one got interview call / mail for Exec MBA ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpyjmp/interview/
Is the interview in English or Urdu? what language do the interviewers speak in? what should I speak like does it matter which language you speak in the interview?
It's going to be in pashto
Klingon
Knowing pakistan, they think english is the superior language so stick with english unless you arent confident in it but bet they prefer english
finesse ur way thru thy interview
Just answer in language they ask question, if they ask in English, reply in English and if in urdu then reply in urdu
Blend both and use your dominant language to get the point across.
Kangi
Did u get a call after giving LGAT?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cptmfd/how_many_students_get_in_but_do_not_meet/
I am giving A level Composite and was not really nervous as the requirement is 2B and 1C. I performed generally well in As Level but shifted my focus to ECAs and uni applications, now I was chill but recently seeing a lot of people who doesn’t meet requirement.
Like how many does not meet it? And what is their past grades and internals and stuff because I see threshold for A level is very low like (150/260 for a B in Chem) so how hard checking can be if you are scoring nearly B in internals (bcz school B is on 80% while Cambridge on 45-50%).
Just getting nervous now so hard.
Bro i dont think they let you in unless you meet the requirements.

Cuz the acceptance you get is a conditional offer and the condition is to meet BBC, so for those who dont meet in august, their seats are given to people who have been waitlisted and do meet the requirements
Although afaik the BBC is the avg requirement so you can get AAD or A*BD and you'll get in as your avg meets the requirement of BBC
No brother , it is rumour that A* A * D will get you in . Even if you scored A*A* D you will not be given seat
The selected grades are are above or BBC 
Like A* A* A* ,
A* A* A,
A* A  A,
A A A,
A* B A,
A* B B,
A* B C,
A B C,
A A B,
A A C,
B B B,
BBA,
BBC,
BAC
bro the conditional offer clearly states that it should be an AVERAGE of 2B &amp; 1C. so even AAE works
How do you average grades to BBC (how does AAE turns into BBC or above )
I would like to know the conversion .
List hai google it A* A*. E will get u in baki bss avg honi chahiye 70% across all 3 subs
E lene pr ur admission will be revoked, clearly stated in the conditional offer. Anything above E and overall equal to 70% will do.
dm me for list of all accepted grades combinations
A A E doesnt work, even though the conditional offer states the avg should be B, B and C it also states that u can’t have an E in any subject. So A, A, D will work but no Es.
idk about u bro but my offer clearly states that AL grades can be nothing less than E. so it can be E and AAE works
ik a person who got in with A A D, anything is possible meri jaan dont assume stuff

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cptbnh/law_school/
Im currently giving my As levels and plan on applying to lums law school. What are the requirements? And how much SAT and LAT score is needed as from 2024 onwards LAT is compulsory in order to pursue law
Help
Help
Help
Depends on your o levels grades as well.
If they are good then you have good chance if you get 1300 or higher in SAT
I have 3As 4Bs and a C
You gotta have a good SAT score with these grades.
Like 1400 or something
retake the c in o levels aim for 1600 sat anything 1400 and above will get you in, start sat prep with youtube videos and prepare seriously then see what your score is and then take any paid course/ tution to get the higher band usually good students would score 1300 with serious youtube and khan academy prep... there are tricks etc try to get very good grades in as
by 1400 i mean its almost confirmed admission, you can still get in with other scores

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpowps/query/
i have seen mostly people from sse being called for interviews. has anyone from sdsb or any other school received an interview invite?
my brother who goes to sse said that they call ppl who did badly in ssat so it makes sense why other schools didn't get calls

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpospw/have_direct_admissions_really_ended_for_sse/
I've seen some posts saying how people are getting interviewed now only because direct admissions have ended and people are only being interviewed to replace the accepted candidates who haven't payed the fee and their deadline has passed.

is this legit or are people just assuming that? 

cuz why would they say acceptances april-june if theyve already been given out in half a month of april

(p.s. pls dont be mean i will cry)
I think it’s just made up.. the acceptances are probably not coming bcz of A level and Inter Exams.. have patience.. In Sha Allah✨
thanks man, that helped calm down the midnight overthinking
inshallah inshallah
Bro last year my friends got direct admission towards the end of july and one of them had a very decent SAT score of 1430. Aisa kuch nai he kay bas khatam ho gaya
lpve you hogya
Nope, everything is randomized dont worry
i had the same confusion, thank you for asking this question. reading the comment section made me feel better 😞
Please don't make stupid assumptions, there are going to be many acceptance till the end of July. So keep hope alive
Jeo sir
I don’t know what they are doing now but back in 2019 , they would take interviews around this time for NOP /financial aid people
was it april to july uss waqt bhee?
nops ka interview summer break me hota ha
i didnt apply through nop but did tick the FA checkbox
Not just Half a month but just in 3 DAYS😬
Exactly

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpibtq/lcat_vs_sat/
For context, im really bad at math, farily good at english. Im an O/A levels student, which one would be better for a person bad at math?
For me personally...I gave Sat and LCAT both.....and I found LCAT's math far more easier and doable...same goes for English section 
Math is easy in SAT compared to LCAT, also like 70% of the questions are done using that desmos calculator in the built in testing app of the SAT
LCAT math was easy and English was almost the same as on SAT. I just prepped from Khan academy's DSAT and some other YouTube playlists.Though SAT has an edge due it's worldwide acceptance.
Do sat atleast you will know how much you scored
dont know about lcat but sat math is okay like wihtout studying you can get 650 by just watching youtube courses

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpfryq/getting_in/
Is it possible to get into lums law school with 1Astar 2As 4bs and 1 C in olevels 
3Bs in alevels (Law English language and urdu)
1A in As level environmental management 

I will give Lcat and if i get a good score do i have chances?

(Decent ecas)


If you are applying next year then I would suggest to give SAT as you will have multiple attempts if you mess up any, and if you can score 1350+ in SAT then you will have like almost confirm admission
I am reallly bad at sat math i cant do it thats why i was thinking of going with lcat i find myself doing alot better in that
Is lcat math easier than SAT?
Math is easier in SAT and English is easier in LCAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpfax7/any_update_on_acceptance/
Did anyone received their acceptance today or yesterday? I heard lums is going to start sending acceptances soon
Weren't people getting interview calls and stuff?
How do you know that?
The deadline to pay the fee was 8th may so applicants who haven’t paid their fees their seats will IA will be given to us
Some has deadline till 15th May so ig we will see acceptances after that
A fren applied to humanities school they have 5A\*s and 1 A with 1030 SAT do they hv chance of getting in?
I think theres a low chance of him getting admitted as i have 3A* and 6As and a B and have 4 solid internship certificates and other extracurricular activities and i still haven’t received mine My sat score was 1220
he has also done 5 solid internships aswell also he made his own ngo
btw which school did u apply to
but like isnt lums's requiremnt min 8bs so dont the olevel gardes and ecs cover fot the 1030 SAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cpf763/lums_spring_semester/
Does Lums has a spring semester or something, I was planning on going abroad and everything was done but due to some last min personal problems I can't go now, I am thinking of applying to fast,nust and Iba too but still if someone knows anything plz help a soul out
LUMS conducts admissions annually for the fall semester only. If you missed applying for fall 2024, your next chance is fall 2025.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coznx3/how_to_sneak_into_lums_as_outsider/
I want to visit Lums so tell me a way to enter..I don't have any friends in Lums. Also if there is an event happening in upcoming days then do let me know as well.
I was enrolled in a legit course there, yet they did not allow me and my friends(Female included) before class timings.  
Check the site, they have ces program running that last about a month or so. Great exposure!
if it's free then fine otherwise "Albata ma zahir nai krta lkin paison ki ajkl bhot shortage ha"
hahaha gotcha mate. Lums ne meri b jaib khaali karwa k bheja tha, can't argue. Anyways, good luck!
yeah wahan ke gaurds ki ajeeb ego similar thing happened to me at an event
Any current student can help you enter as a visitor
😢
If u had asked earlier, i could have helped since i was there but left for home so cant

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coz71k/will_i_get_into_my_second_preference_if_they/
ive applied to sbasse for electircal engineering with second and third major options as CS and Physics, as second preference of school ive applied to sdsb for Management sciences major, will i get into sdsb if i dont make it into sbasse, and if so is there a chance i could later on tranfer into sbasse by maintaining a high cgpa?
yes, thats why its a second preference. my first preference was sse and i got into my second preference hss. transferring is possible but bohot khawari hai and its not guaranteed. vvv few seats and chances for transfers to cs. physics ka easy scene
Wb a transfer from Econ to Electrical engineering
considerably easier than a transfer to cs

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coy22m/fee_structure/
Anybody knows Lse fee structure 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1covqnr/sdsb_interviews/
Did any SDSB candidate get called for interview or is it just a sse thing?
selective students regardless of the school get interview calls.
good ones confusion causing or bad ones?
but there haven't been any interview calls for any other school
No mostly SSE students

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cotkry/lums_goodies/
I think lums is supposed so send some stuff after the acceptance you know sticker , badge , pen etc. All my fellows have got them lekin mjhe nhi mila . Should I write to them?
yara idher lums admission nhi de rha tujhe sticker aur pen ki pari hui hai
Jbh😂
that thing is important because it isn't only goodies it also has some documents which u have to sign and upload in ur portal. sticker is important too
Aik din mai bhi ye post karunga.
Aajaye gi bro sabr rakho
[deleted]
Bhai jb jane ke $ hi na ho to kesa spoilt brat.
Check address
You usually get them in 2-3 days. I didn’t and lums emailed me later that my parcel was sent back because of invalid address. They asked for my address and number again and sent it again. I got it a few days ago phir.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cosco8/torturing/
Lums walay Bhool to nai gaye k aur bhi log umeed laga k bethay Hain acceptance ki?
At the same time Alevels k papers bhi dene hai ☹️
://
Bhai ookat yahan tak aa gaie hy kh ab jo chor kr jain gay unki jagah admit karain gay.😢
Kher hay
Ajayegi acceptance IA
this is gen1 torturing. they should set a specific date to upload all the decisions
Zindagi kharab hogayi hay genuine
I swear this anxiety will kill me
it’s so annoying smh
I so wish wou ek hi baar mein bata detay. Aese july tak latka k rakhne ka kya concept banta hai.
Inko ye Kon samghaye
I went thru the same process back in early 2000's for Lums. My roll num was late 100's and only 400 ppl were admitted back then.
Amongst my friends circle I was the last to get an acceptance.

Chill maro. Jo hona hai hoye ga. Welcome to your adult world's first decission that isn't made by your parents hahhaha or not really in your control.

Good luck everyone! Focus on A levels. A Levels warh gaye to aur bad scene.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cor21l/fee_submission_deadline/
im reading that alot of the people that got accepted before 29Apr are having to pay some sort of fees before 10th May?? what is this about im really confused i haven’t received an admission but i’m really hopeful but i’m also waiting on another scholarship acceptance but theres no chance that it comes around before mid June.. how much is lums asking as this fee submission and what are the terms??
i was under the impression that the deadline to pay semester fees n hostel fees after your conditional offer is late july or august 
You can still get a 100% tuition fee refund and the security and hostel fees before the start of classes. Only the admiasion fee is non refundable
okayy that’s reassuring, thanksss
I have the fee refund policy if you need that
They’ll give you the conditional offer along with the fee challan for the first semester (including admission fees security etc) you can only accept your conditional offer once you’ve paid that. I guess they give you around 10-15 days for that.
😬😬so its pay within 10-15 days and give up any other acceptances youre waiting on or lose your admission
Yeah you have that time to pay the fees and if you don’t the offer gets revoked I think it was like more than 15 days tho
okay, thank u sm
🫡🫡

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coonen/anyone_got_rejected_form_sahsol/

I guess no rejection for any school so far

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coobkb/acceptances_after_29th_april/
Did anyone get accepted after 29th April? Lums hasn't sent any more batches as far as I know and thr anxiety is really building up
"they come till July 31st" in case you've not heard that enough times 🤡🤡
Butt saab stop being butt hurt
No
they sent interview emails tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coob1m/sahsol/
Have more ppl got in
the sahsol Wells seem dry haven't seen many acceptances still waiting on mine all my friends who've applied for other schools have gotten thier acceptances still waiting for sahsol to respond
hi i am bhai jahanzaib 👋🏻
Womp womp
Same😭
I'm getting extremely disheartened because my creds weren't that bad... idk of it's cause of LCAT. I hope there are still seats left in SAHSOL....I've been waiting eagerly 
What we're ur creds 
I got 5A 2A* B in o levels 
1310 sat
Got 2A*, 3A , 4Bs( math and sciences) olevels
 Gave LCAT 
 Alevels: law, business and sociology (transcript had all A*s in internals) 
I still hv to give LAT 
7-8 volunteerships  and good ps and ecas
I have given my lat got a 67 ig don't remember from sciences background all A in internal still doing phy math bio in A levels
I hope we get acceptances real soon IA
Where else did u apply for law in Pakistan? I'm really struggling to find good backup option and I'm really relying on lums rn
Haven't applied anywhere its all or none on lums right now there are rlly not great options left if someone wants to practice in pak as the external programmes don't make u eligible to practice here
Honestly facing the same issue..it's lums or nothing at the moment...I've got acceptances from good UK unis but their deadline to answer is by 16th May and I don't wanna go abroad ....so I'll be losing those unis as an option too if lums doesn't reply
Hope we get our decision rlly rlly soon qk iskay bad to the only places left are punjab University or some local law colleges both with no social lives no event or anything
IA iA iA we get into lums soon coz really don't wanna go to any other uni
Saw a SAHSOL acceptance gc and there were only 12 members so ig kafi thordi acceptance ae hain so far
Yeah nazar to bohut kam arahi hain haven't seen many ig the seats are  less is leyay but baki saray schools ki to ai ja rahi idk wot they are doing bhai dates honi chahiyay release ki ya batches ki ye to cies k sath dusra depression de rahay
Actually majority ne LAT he ni dia ha, delay ho ho kr june main ho gya ha test, phr koi month baad result ae ga, ig uss ka baad he majority acceptances nzr ain ge and yeah there are only like 80 seats in SAHSOL
Jinho ne lat diya unko to le lein 😔😔 gave my lat in jan ig
Just forget about it for now agr ho gya to well and good otherwise look for other options
Can't go everywhere throwing money away plus koi aur options bhi nahi achay I've heard good things about lahore school of law aur punjab University ka law program bhi I've heard is good dono me majority judiciary k log perhatay ya perhay ya thier children go there
I would still suggest to keep backups
Ppl hv gotten acceptances on lat conditional.... they haven't given lat aye unko pehle hi offer mil gaye
Pls go check their credentials, as lums is pretty sure that they will pass LAT
Is wave me ai acceptance ? Coz meri to abhi tak nahi tak zara ab dimag kharab kerne lag gai lums walay qk maine apne kam sat aur grades walo ki dekh li hoi ab to
SAHSOL acceptances usually comes late
Womp womp
womp womp
I got my acceptance in the first wave.
You will get yours soon I.A

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1comthd/if_people_are_getting_interviews_already/
Does this mean that acceptances are done and there won't be anymore? I'm extremely paranoid about it right now
The people who have not recieved acceptances are getting called for interviews. Not the one's who have been accepted
Nah I already know that.im asking whether there will be more acceptances happening through the portal, or is it only going to be interviews now

I haven't gotten an acceptance through the portal nor a call so I'm really worried
Acceptances go on till 31st July
I hate to be that guy, but I will give you a reality check: You were clearly not among the strongest group of applicants, and your chances are low. It seems that LUMS has already moved on from direct admissions and is now interviewing candidates, whom they want to know more about.

However, interview invites have just started to come and LUMS will interview many more candidates. Also, LUMS might just place you on waitlist.
I got straight A*s in o level, As in A level and haven't gotten an acceptance yet. How much stronger can one be as a candidate?
As said, LUMS will offer interviews to many more candidates. Interview invites don't necessarily mean you are a weaker candidate compared to the people who got direct admissions; it just means that the AO wants to know more about you. Maybe the AO has some concern over an activity you reported, or your PS doesn't relate to your desired major.

For a fact, if you have straight A\*s and a decent SAT score, you are guaranteed an admission.
Probably right. A reality check is always good to hear. Hopefully I get a call, or maybe a direct admission in June. Idk. You get an admission or nah?
doesn't work like that
Please tell how it works then.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1comsil/interviews/
Im seeing quite a few posts about people being called by LUMS for interviews? The last i knew, LUMS didnt do interviews for undergrad programs. So are these calls for undergrads too?
they interview undergrads but not all students get interview calls you may or may not be asked for an interview.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1colq0j/interview/
I got an interview call from Lums and I am so bad at giving interviews. I know I am gonna mess up. Can someone guide me please ky kia puchen gy and stuff.
Interview for the masters or bachelors program?
BS
Oh okay best of luck!
they will ask 

1. why lums?

2. why this specific major/school?

3. what inspires you?

4. what have you learned from ur ECS/ eleaborate on your ECs

etc
I thought they ask you stuff related to the major youre chosing 

Like stuff abt physics math and etc if going for sse
If you dont mind can you share your creds
Bro when did you receive this interview call letter?
i received the mail today
did you apply for sbasse? and did you give the lums science test?
yes, i gave the scientific aptitude test.
How was the test 
Can you provide your credits kindly
Apart from the questions others have mentioned my sister who did her MBA from lums, was asked about her views on the international political landscape (I don't remember the question but) she had to answer it with "physical colonialism has been replaced with economic colonialism," something of this sort.
Just be honest , it’s interview not a viva
For which program??
SSE
What’s was your sat and olevels
It'll go around the lines of:


Introduce yourself.

Why LUMS?

Why this major?

Questions about your main subjects from your curriculum.

And your ECS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cojw0w/interview/
I got an interview call from LUMS. I applied in the SSE school. Does giving interview lower your chances of acceptance?
Just try to give your best and stick to whatever you said in your PS like maybe they want to check if you are what you wrote and presented yourself as
Just be authentic
did you get an email? what are ur creds?
Yes got an email. I have 6 A stars and 3 As in olevels 2A stars and 2 A in A level Transcrpit, 1460 SAT score
What about your ECs? Wonder why you got called for an interview
pretty great actually. published a research paper on mathieus equation, won bronze in American Math Olympiad and competed in Global finals singapore. Enrolled in Hong Kong UNiversity engineering programmon 100 percent scholarship. plus co director of ngo, and math prez of school coucil
I genuinely cant comprehend them calling you for an interview.
Tbvh
How did your science school test go?
Pathetic bohat ganda😭
My bro who's in lums told me jinka ssat bura hota hai but grades ache hote han they call them so ig that's why they called u
might be bcz of ur lums test then
How did your Scientific Aptitude Test go? because I feel like unn ka interview ly rhy jis ka scientific aptitude test acha nahi hua tha?
it went pathetic. did not go well at all. maybe islie leh rehe waise
Hey, Did you get call after acceptance? Or you are waiting for decision of Admission rn?
Didn't get my decision abhi tak
When is your interview and at what time?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cojc7d/help/
I got into LUMS and submitted my financial aid application on 27 April. I have not received any kind of email or call from them and some students are receiving 3 calls in a week!!. Even someone who submitted after 27 April has also received call. So, does not receiving any email or call mean they are not considering my application?? 
NO lol if you have sent your FA application it will definitely be considered
I mean is there any chance they would reject without contacting?
If you were eligible for aid, it would be given depending on your ability to pay for tuition.
So they would give FA without even contacting?
did they give you admission without contacting? 😭  
brother obviously they'll get you informed about the FA
Obviously they will inform me about FA results but it can be negative. I was just thinking that the students who are getting calls might have positive chances....

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coiwrd/conditional_offer/
If i meet the minimum requirements for BCC for my ACF program but also have a D or an E in my overall marksheet, will that make any difference?
No, only three best grades are used
Got in?
min requirement is BBC

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cog46r/do_students_also_get_acceptances_in_august/
Students who weren’t able to able to meet the condition grades for lums do lums give their seats to the next best applicant?
yes
yes and students who get these seats are waitlisted ( not rejected )

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1coftym/fbise_students/
Is there anyone who is planning to give second annual instead of first? In 2nd year…
Plus.. 
 those who give second annual, their results would be late ofcourse.. So will it affect their decision or sthg???
Or if someone improves in their second annual and then give them the result?
Bro all the dates for fall intake would be gone by the time you would be appearing for 2nd annual. However, if your taking the exams for improvement then it depends on the university whether they take it or not because merit lists are announced after the result of 1st annual
Umm and like should the %age be overall 70% or in every subject?
Overall it should be atleast 70% and the passing criteria is 40% for each subject

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cobcke/any_ms_acceptanceinterview_call_yet/
Been two weeks since LGAT. Ab tak kisi ko interview call nai ayi? 
Not yet :)
Okay so I checked the LUMS site and it says the Admission decisions will be announced on 30th July, I know LUMS treats all the applications as a case rather than judging people on their academics and test scores alone, so I think the interviews will be conducted at a later date, probably late june ig.
Please bump in if anyone receives an interview call.
Saw some posts here saying interview calls are coming in
Many are inferring that they sent the mails to MS candidates all at once.
what school did you apply for ? mine was sbasse (maths)
yes but someone got a call the day after so that means the calls were NOT all sent on one day
I received interview call through Email.
10 June 8:30 Am.
MS Healthcare Management &amp; Innovation.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1co735m/a2_exams_hurting_my_conditional_offer/
I got into SBASSE. everything is okay apart from current A2 exams. I got 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS LEVEL. My grades  bio (a), Physics (a), Maths (b), Chem (b)

Bio:  P1(A), P2 (B) (got precited grade cuz of 9th may protests) &amp; P3 (C). I'm expecting P4 (C) &amp; P5 (B) 

Physics,: P1 B, P2 A, P3 B. I'm expecting P4 (B), &amp; P5 (C)

Chem: P1 A, P2 C (got predicted cuz of 9th may protests &amp; P3 C. Expecting P4 (C ya D) &amp; P5 (B)

Maths: P1 (B), P4(B). I'm expecting a P3(B) &amp; P5 (C) 

Idk how my overall ALEVEL result will look like. Will it still meet lums avg BBC requirment . Please anyone here guide me using their expertise. Thanks. 




How’d you get a b in chem if you got Cs in all three components
Ong wtf feels like i got robbed looking at this😐😐😐Mashaallah tho fair play to him
Insha’Allah you will meet the criteria hopefully .
bro what was your SAT score?
1410
i think u will meet thr criteria as u have 4 subjects and alr 2 aAs. even if u mess up ur a2 grades ur avg will be BBC insha allah
if i get AAD will it meet the conditional offer or no?
its the avg of BBC like anything that makes 60% or does it have to be BBC?
anything that makes 60%
u have an edge with 4 subjects even if u mess up 2 of ur grades u will meet the requirement
chem could be a C, maths prolly a B, physics a B, bio B so you would still meet the req. imo
howd u get a b in chem after 3 C's 😭?? I got a b after 3 bs lol. Anyways my p4 went so bad I'm expecting an e or d if I'm optimistic. I haven't got an admission yet but i don't think I'll get in even if i do
I had a A in P1. Typing mistake
Bro I am thinking same thing but how bad can it be? see all previous years thresholds and even if you score 45-50/100 you get C…. In chem p4.     But I am giving composite so don’t know about a level grading…

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1co4v1v/decision_question/
If you get rejected from lums, do you still get an email? 
not sure about an email, but your portal is updated
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnzrq0/is_the_deposit_refundable/
is the secuirty deposit for lums admission refundable in the off chance that you cant maintain the A2 minimum grades and they decide to revoke the offer?
yes but not sure about admission fee (the 150k or something) u’ll have to email or check on their website
but the admission fee is only paid after the caie results right? so its after youre in the clear
nope, check your fee voucher. it’ll have the following: security fee (one time), admission fee (one time), tution fee (according to 18 credit hours), sse lab fee (if ur from sse). you pay all of this a week or two after u receive your admission
and if i get rejected cuz of bad grades later on, then its a loss of all the money u put in? thats scary
welcome to lums. however i would suggest you to email them, wait for someone to reply here, or check their website to confirm. alhumdulillah did not have to go through this so cannot say for sure, just my speculation
if u don’t meet their bbc requirement then all fees other than 50% of admission fees will be refunded. So you will lose around 75k plus the application and LCAT charges and if u want to apply again next year than appear again in oct nov for caie to meet their req and pay the application charges again.
thats tough

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnt80u/portal/
What changes do you see on the portal once you get accepted?
And is it always the portal first and email second?
Next to the application status tab there will be an admission status tab. That tab will contain the acceptance information.
the tab will appear on acceptance?
For me the email and portal updated roughly at the same time but I got to know through email first.
When you get accepted the portal will show an admission status tab which will have info abt things you need to do
Thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnsse4/have_a_feeling_for_next_batch/
Think next batch can come today as the deadline for fee submission has passed so they might start rolling out new batches 
Yaar umeedain na do
Jab baad Mai nai ati to dukh hota
...:(
Someone posted that some have their deadlines on the 13th as well so maybe it comes then
Yeah my seat is up for grabs now lol
why'd you give up?
Financially unjustifiable for SSE
I see, well best of luck for future endeavors
You too!
I think now they will release a batch of rejection 👹

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnsb4s/did_anyone_get_an_email_for_grad_phd_sciences/

I think the people getting emails are clearly not on Reddit

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnrvyx/when_will_lums_fa_team_visit_us/

they may or may not
randomly aatay hain
so its a surprise visit matlab they don’t tell you before hand? i heard from somebody that they informed him that they’re gonna visit that day

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnr77g/i_messed_up_my_exam/
AOA guys I am so depressed I messed up my psychology exam and I wamted to ask if I got U in psychology I have overall 4 subjects lums requirement is bbc right? So If i got 3 B s in rest will this affect me ? Plz help me out
they will only consider the top 3 grades out of 4
That's a relief
You still have time for psychology paper 4 tou I don’t think you’ll get a bad grade if you get better marks in p4. Wase bhi p3 ka threshold p4 sai kam hota amooman
But if you fail one component doesn't that mean you fail A2?
Idts let’s just say you got like 20 marks in p3 but managed to get 45 in the other three papers thats 155 marks. According to thresholds that’s like a B or an A.
And they’ll not consider the worst grade even if you fail psychology they’ll consider the other three
That sounds good but yeah i gave AS last year got an overall b compnents b and c out of could add up to45-50 i got around 15-20 in P3 estimated and p4 I'll work hard
LUMS requirement is BBC 💀💀
Its weird tgat its true ☠️
Yes only 3 subjects will be counted. And BBC is just an average requirement. The equivalent grades for example ACC, ABD type grades are also accepted.
That's a relief
yeah dont worry theyll only take in 3 best grades
I applied for iba on the basis of sat, but there was another option for a random test, which I don't know about. Will I have to give that, or I  can just stick with sat, please guide me
which school did you apply for?
Sdsb but most people are saying they take top 3 grades so ig that's true
Program to waar gya

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnfx7t/grad_decisions/
Cleared the written test for IBA but just got my interview rejection today, so everything rests on LUMS for now, anxiety is at it's peak has anyone gotten their grad decision yet? or been called for an interview?
hey would you mind telling me what the interview was about? what’d they ask etc and what do you think went wrong with your interview?
Hey, my interview was about MS management and they asked me why I wanted to get into a MS program, a few questions about research and my research project in Bachelors, I think my interview went wrong when I mentioned that I might try my hand in the corporate sector after the degree and they asked why I didn't opt for a MBA, I think I should've made it more clear that I wanted a research based program and that is where my passion lies among other things, either that or my bad FSC grades since I had 65% in FSC and I asked them what they looked for in candidates and they mentioned that it's their academic background among other things
hmmmm interesting, and where did you complete your bachelors from?
LUMS with a CGPA of 3.4, a friend of mine from Islamia Univeristy Bahawalpur had an interview after me for MS marketing and I prepared him for it since I thought I flunked mine and he got in, plus his grades in FSC were much better
MashAllah, may i ask why aren’t you looking towards going abroad since you graduated from lums? People say that lums helps you go abroad for masters
Only son in the family, doesn't seem right to leave my parents behind when they need me, they won't move abroad with me and it's at least 5 years down if you go for a PR, and that puts alot of things off like marriage etc, I think if you see your future in Pakistan IBA is the best bet because of the alumni network and you can fund yourself by working, LUMS is crazy expensive, basically the same amount of money required to go to Ireland for a masters  so if I don't get into IBA round 2 and LUMS offers me an admission I'll consider it
In the same dillema hahahah. Have a younger brother who is quite young and may not be able to manage things if I leave. I secured admission in IBA as a last resort if visas or family becomes an issue for me in moving abroad. I am terribly terrified of something going wrong in the family and me not being here. Hope we figure things out man!
hey would you mind telling me what the interview was about? what’d they ask etc and what do you think went wrong with your interview?
Hey, my interview was about MS management and they asked me why I wanted to get into a MS program, a few questions about research and my research project in Bachelors, I think my interview went wrong when I mentioned that I might try my hand in the corporate sector after the degree and they asked why I didn't opt for a MBA, I think I should've made it more clear that I wanted a research based program and that is where my passion lies among other things, either that or my bad FSC grades since I had 65% in FSC and I asked them what they looked for in candidates and they mentioned that it's their academic background among other things
hmmmm interesting, and where did you complete your bachelors from?
LUMS with a CGPA of 3.4, a friend of mine from Islamia Univeristy Bahawalpur had an interview after me for MS marketing and I prepared him for it since I thought I flunked mine and he got in, plus his grades in FSC were much better
MashAllah, may i ask why aren’t you looking towards going abroad since you graduated from lums? People say that lums helps you go abroad for masters
You got this man just pray for yourself all I know is whatever happens, happens for the best and these are things none of us can control, plus you have your admission confirmed in IBA which is one of the best universities for corporate sector if you want to stay in Pakistan so I wouldn't sweat much because you're basically sorted MashaAllah.
Thanks man. Anybody of my age that I talk to keeps saying "mulk se nikal jese bhi" and every adult I talk to says "you'll figure things out whichever way you go forward in life". Don't know what's right 🥹 hope you figure things out too
I think there are pros and cons to both, moving abroad isn’t as easy as it sounds since mostly if you come from a upper middle class home like I do you have to juggle a part time job and studies and that’s quite hard, in Pakistan you have the familiarity of your place and there’s no major culture shock imo
aaah man the usual dilemma and sacrifices we men have to make for our parents. Hope things work out for you, also why don’t you try working for 1-2 years right out of lums and then maybe try for a masters?
Only son in the family, doesn't seem right to leave my parents behind when they need me, they won't move abroad with me and it's at least 5 years down if you go for a PR, and that puts alot of things off like marriage etc, I think if you see your future in Pakistan IBA is the best bet because of the alumni network and you can fund yourself by working, LUMS is crazy expensive, basically the same amount of money required to go to Ireland for a masters  so if I don't get into IBA round 2 and LUMS offers me an admission I'll consider it
In the same dillema hahahah. Have a younger brother who is quite young and may not be able to manage things if I leave. I secured admission in IBA as a last resort if visas or family becomes an issue for me in moving abroad. I am terribly terrified of something going wrong in the family and me not being here. Hope we figure things out man!
Oh I passed out in 2023 I'm currently working at national foods, thought I shouldn't take too long of a gap in my studies, I plan on a masters degree for now and an EMBA later on to build a stronger profile in my domain
You got this man just pray for yourself all I know is whatever happens, happens for the best and these are things none of us can control, plus you have your admission confirmed in IBA which is one of the best universities for corporate sector if you want to stay in Pakistan so I wouldn't sweat much because you're basically sorted MashaAllah.
Thanks man. Anybody of my age that I talk to keeps saying "mulk se nikal jese bhi" and every adult I talk to says "you'll figure things out whichever way you go forward in life". Don't know what's right 🥹 hope you figure things out too
Also imo going abroad requires a good GPA they don't care about the univeristy as all universities are the same to them as long as you have a good GPA, US is the only country where I think being from LUMS gives you some advantage.
I think there are pros and cons to both, moving abroad isn’t as easy as it sounds since mostly if you come from a upper middle class home like I do you have to juggle a part time job and studies and that’s quite hard, in Pakistan you have the familiarity of your place and there’s no major culture shock imo
aaah man the usual dilemma and sacrifices we men have to make for our parents. Hope things work out for you, also why don’t you try working for 1-2 years right out of lums and then maybe try for a masters?
iba r2 is still there
Yeah I've applied for that but got really demotivated, would be ideal if I got decision from LUMS before the round 2 begins so I know if I should solely focus on IBA.
How does IBA cater R2 applicants wrf to the foundation courses that you have to do over the summer? Like for MS Economics you have to do 1-2 courses in the summer semester which starts at 12 June but R2 applicants would get their responses by end of July
Oh I passed out in 2023 I'm currently working at national foods, thought I shouldn't take too long of a gap in my studies, I plan on a masters degree for now and an EMBA later on to build a stronger profile in my domain
I have no idea about that, I applied in round 1, made the cutoff but flunked the interview and now I'm panicking, I need you to pray that I either get into LUMS or IBA round 2 please ;-;
IA you'll get in dw. Since you're good at the content of the test I think you just need to focus on interview skills. My advice. Be unapologetically honest and have solid reasons to be applying to the program. I have a background in CS and just got in the MS in Economics. Had strong reasons to be wanting to do this.
Thank you so much, fingers crossed.
Also imo going abroad requires a good GPA they don't care about the univeristy as all universities are the same to them as long as you have a good GPA, US is the only country where I think being from LUMS gives you some advantage.
Did u recently get admission offer/interview call?
I got an interview call from IBA last week, but nothing from LUMS as of yet.
iba r2 is still there
Yeah I've applied for that but got really demotivated, would be ideal if I got decision from LUMS before the round 2 begins so I know if I should solely focus on IBA.
I applied for MBA at IBA. My interview was on 7th May ans i haven't heard from them since.. does that mean i am accepted? Lmao this is confusing
How does IBA cater R2 applicants wrf to the foundation courses that you have to do over the summer? Like for MS Economics you have to do 1-2 courses in the summer semester which starts at 12 June but R2 applicants would get their responses by end of July
I have no idea about that, I applied in round 1, made the cutoff but flunked the interview and now I'm panicking, I need you to pray that I either get into LUMS or IBA round 2 please ;-;
No No there’s a cut off marks for interview as well, they’ll post a list like they did when you cleared the test, it’ll be named MBA final result, you’ll get an email for it and they’ll kick a fair amount of people out in that list, they kicked 12 people out in MS management round 1 after interviews
IA you'll get in dw. Since you're good at the content of the test I think you just need to focus on interview skills. My advice. Be unapologetically honest and have solid reasons to be applying to the program. I have a background in CS and just got in the MS in Economics. Had strong reasons to be wanting to do this.
Thank you so much, fingers crossed.
Damn.. my interview went well too but my FSc grades are lacking.. i was fairly confident but now i am scared.
Did u recently get admission offer/interview call?
I got an interview call from IBA last week, but nothing from LUMS as of yet.
I applied for MBA at IBA. My interview was on 7th May ans i haven't heard from them since.. does that mean i am accepted? Lmao this is confusing
No No there’s a cut off marks for interview as well, they’ll post a list like they did when you cleared the test, it’ll be named MBA final result, you’ll get an email for it and they’ll kick a fair amount of people out in that list, they kicked 12 people out in MS management round 1 after interviews
Damn.. my interview went well too but my FSc grades are lacking.. i was fairly confident but now i am scared.
You'll get in bestie don't overthink, I'll be praying for you if you promise to pray that I get in during round 2
You'll get in bestie don't overthink, I'll be praying for you if you promise to pray that I get in during round 2

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cncag8/urgent_plea_for_help/
Please help me here .

I was filling my admission form and accidently clicked on the " Apply Button " and not on the " Next Step " Button for IBA 

I had not completely written my essay . In fact it was a rough draft . I just wanted to see the next step 

What can I do ? Please help . I cannot think of anything now . I thought you can edit your application until payment is made . Please help

I will literally off myself here .
Email them and tell them this issue. Same shit happened with me personal statement mai kuch aur copy paste kardia tha so I asked them to change the ps by sending them a document of my actual personal statement.
Did you get reply??
Yes
What did they say, do they updated?? 
And when did you get reply?
I mailed them and got reply in 10 minutes that my portal is unlocked 💞💞
Unko email krke bolo mera form unfreeze krden wou krdete hain
What to write in email?
I mailed them and got reply in 10 minutes that my portal is unlocked 💞💞

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnc66z/lums_interviews/
i've never heard about lums conducting interviews but i have seen 2-3 posts regarding students receiving interview emails. does anyone of you have any info regarding this?
They conduct interviews for graduate level programs and above.
so interviews are not for undergrads?
Im an undergratuate and i got call for interview
have u given the interview?
when is your interview and at what time?
today at 1:30
Can i dm you?
sure
I got a call for interview as well for Engineering undergraduate. What does it mean?
Same i got a call too
when is your interview and at what time?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cnbymi/curious_where_yall_coming_from/
 Just curious: which high school are you guys repping? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cnbymi)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn87tk/important/
Does A levels urdu count as a full credit subject for sdsb at lums?
Yes
Obv, why not?
yup just not for sse i called their admissions before applying

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn7w8p/still_havent_gotten_an_answer_from_lums/

us
Answers come till 31st
I know but it feels like everyone else has gotten theirs already. Bhai reject bhi karna hai toh bata toh dein
They won't because it's on rolling basis. So if a candidate leaves a seat, they give it to the next deserving candidate etc.
us &lt;/3

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn7w32/next_batch_on_9th_may/
seeing a lot of people saying that next batch can be possible tomorrow since fees deadline given to previous batches is 8 may.
This is not entirely true since some students especially ones who got in last batch have a deadline of 10th may while others who withdraw from FA also have a deadline of 10th-13th may.
Itna mat socho bhai focus on your papers

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn79fc/what_are_my_chances/
I have 8 A*s in O levels. 3 As 1B in AS Level. I applied for CS. I didnt give the SAT but the ACT and have a 29 composite score in that with 32 in english and 30 in math. Will i get in?
Ur chances are pretty solid tbh
Bro counter strike doesn’t have any of those requirements.
what’s the SAT equivalent of your ACT score?
1350
pretty good chance
very much solid
Very high
You'll easily get into CS with such good grades.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn5ihm/lums_condition/
The SBASSE conditional offer states says I need a BBC in 3 full credit subjects. If i get closer to an ACC, or an A\*CC, would that mean my offer will get rescinded? Also, I have A-level psychology as an extra subject, which is not full credit for SBASSE. 

  
Will it not be taken into account at all? Or is it "half credit", and what does that entail for the condition?
You need an average BBC so yeah if you get ACC then that C will be adjusted with that A and both will be counted as B, calculating as overall BBC
r u sure? where did u hear this from because
yeah its an average of bbc so u could get in with aad as well
Last year many friends of mine got in with grades like ABD, A*CC, AAE
thank youu
ABD is a relief cuz thats what im expecting
Where do you see full credit subjects for schools? 
it was on my conditional offer
its an estimate its not set in stone you could fail in one and if you have avg of c they would consider u

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn44xm/interview_for_sse_bcs/
Hey, I got an email from Lums. They invited me for an interview, a virtual interview. They asked me to keep a pen and paper with me for the interview. Does anyone have any idea what they might ask in the interview and what should I prepare for? 
hey when did you receive the email, also did you are you an ug applicant?  and what were your creds?
Can I dm you?
yea
they can ask questions ranging from related to your personal statement to subject scientific questions just be confident and control the interview only talk about stuff that you know about. (I haven’t given one personally but this is what I’ve gathered from those who have given)
Okay that helps. Thank you!!
Long time ago I gave an interview for graduate admission at LUMS. I was asked to answer a question on a whiteboard. They just wanted to see the confidence level. I guess they might ask you to draw something on the paper such as a graph or something. Be prepared and be confident. You will be just fine. If they have asked you for an interview, I guess you are pretty close to getting the offer.
Hoping that it goes as I am planning.
someone ik got called for an interview last year, they applied to bs chemistry, they were asked questions related to their ps and A lvl chmesitry like draw this structure, or how would u make this compunding starting from benzene
Just chemistry questions? What about the other subjects?
when is your interview and at what time?
Tomorrow at 4:15 pm
Oh mine is on Thursday....can I dm you?
Yesss
I have my interview tomorrow for lums sse im really scared what will they ask me? Any idea?
I also have my interview tomorrow
Just stay confident. After carrying out some research and asking the admissions, they will ask some basic questions like introducing yourself, why LUMs, etc. Answer your questions wisely and show them that you are actually passionate. And as long as subject based questions are concerned, show them that you have an approach for every question and you show critical problem-solving skills, even if the answer is wrong. They just want to judge your confidence and see how you reach when you are put through different stages. Let me know how it goes and what they ask.
My interview did not go well
Hopefully man, just hoping that it goes well.
My interview did not go well
What did they ask? Can I dm you?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn3lwa/what_does_it_mean_when_you_get_called_in_for_an/
what it says on the title


It means you have been called for an interview for LUMS
No way 
It means get ready to recall everything uv studied in your A level (relevant to your major) in under 10 secs while a faculty of 3 phd or more professors judge ur responces
Do you know anyone who's gotten in with interviews 🤡
yes
they might ask you to dance for them 💃
😱🤨😓😥😨😰😳
What were ur creds?
And which department (hss ,sse ?
When u recieved  email?
8 A*s, 1380 SAT, very good ecs, good ps 😔
you flunked as?
What ab AS?
Didn't give AS, expected were 2A* and 2A
Oh your creds are really good i wonder why they called you for interview. Ik many ppl who got into sse last year with lower creds and without interviews
Anyways just revise your AL syllabus especially related to the major you put in your first preference in your application
Did you get into lums

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn3ag3/law_school_advice/
AoA everyone, I’m looking forward to applying to various law schools in Pakistan, LUMS being one of them. However, I’m looking out for other law unis as backups in case I don’t get into LUMS. Any good options? Isl, Karachi, Lahore????
NUST, GC, PU and also there are multiple unis that provide external LLB degree that you can look up to
How good is NUST LLB?
No one has like the best LLB, cz the entire LLB is all about learning the same shit so just prefer uni rep over anything

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn2wg4/salam/
Guys? Need help.. I got this topic from my teacher "University Life", and was told to create a presentation on it.. I need 6-7 ideas on what to include in the PPT. Additionally, you can add humorous content I don't mind. Need to submit it by tomorrow, so please help ASAP!

  
Jazakallahu-Khairan!
Use chatgpt
Doesn't help
Give it a bit customised questions it will surely help

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn2d58/mbagraduate_admissions/
Has anyone received any sort of intimation regarding admission to graduate programs particularly MBA
I applied for MBA and MS Entrepreneurship, no decision or update on my portal nor email yet.
Not yet
Any update here ….. emails etc?
Interviews conducted. Awaiting decision
MBA executive?
Regular
Anyone for MBA executive … interview mail/call?
how was it? in person or online? you from outside Lahore? 

Goodluck
In person. But no decision yet
thanks. how was it? I have one day after tomorrow. What do they ask? Would appreciate any tips you might give.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn13as/bschools_of_pakistan/
Hey, I'll keep this as brief as possible. I wanna do BS Accounting and Finance.

1- I have no chance with LUMS cause of my profile.

2- I have not prepared for IBA's Entry Test and just have a 1000 in SAT. However, I have an option to go to KSBL for an year and transfer next year to IBA (considering that I pass the entry test and interview which is 50/50 for me).

3- I gave NET at NUST and got 148 but I need 162ish to secure the ACF program, I do have one last attempt but meh, idk I'm confused and anxious about it too.

4- I had a 2 year gap after my O-Levels (fam sh*t) so I can't really go for LSE either as I don't meet 2 of their requirements.

Considering that I want to move to the US for Masters in Finance or Masters in Quantitative Finance, what other viable options do I have that have good placement and internship opportunities so I can make a good resume/profile for my masters? 

P.S genuinely need help here as I'm on the cliff rn and need suggestions.
If you're from Karachi why don't you consider IoBM? It is way better than KSBL
On the transfer policy of IBA, it says one can transfer from either KSBL or LUMS, that's why, if i choose KSBL, my priority is gonna be to transfer to IBA
I hope you get into IBA but keep in mind that it's not end of the world? KSBL, NBS and IoBM all have amazing business programs and they are considered top 5 business schools in Pakistan. So, don't worry too much about getting a job after ACF and stuff because they got good placements too.

You will also get CA and ACCA exemptions from IoBM (as far as i know) not sure about other unis but do check their exemptions out too.
I understand, I am from Islamabad tho, I would definitely go to Karachi if I got into IBA, but for IoBM or KSBL I'm not so sure, I'm hesitant
Try FAST.They offer a degree in accounting and finance but please check if they are still offering this program or not.If not, you can apply to their BBA program.
A bit out of context, but how did you prepare for NET with an O/A level background?
i took a course online, PrepareNET on Instagram, it'll show up. Also, there's little to no material available online for Social Sciences NET, there's a book called OETP, and that's it, you might wanna look at it too.
im pretty sure the business net is simple maths and iq questions/english
consider a worst case scenario. if you are unable to score a transfer to IBA from KSBL, would you prefer spending four years at ksbl or at nust? measure the pros and cons of going away from home and living independently, and research about the faculty and facilities both universities provide.
I would definitely stay in Islamabad if I get into NBS and even IBA, but I don't see any other option other than NBS here in Islamabad, yes there is Bahria, FAST and a few other universities but would i really wanna spend 4 years? idk

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn10yd/status/
Is it possible to check the status of our lums admission application through tracking id?
You haven't checked your portal?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cn0k8e/lums_nust_giki_fast/
Aoa everybody. So I'm planning for Bachelors in CS. What do y'all recommend? I plan to go abroad for Masters IA. Which one is the best among the 4(or in pak). At the end of the day, I want a high GPA, excellent skillset and also want my personality grooming and experience etc. Attending concerts and all that shit is not my thing. So what would y'all recommend for a well rounded experience. I can't compromise on the skills and GPA. I'm willing to put in the work as CS is veryy concentrated. So which one will be the best choice according to you?
Iqra University jao vhro
Meri aukat nhi wahan admission lene ki bhai merit bohat high hai
certainly, if you get into LUMS then there's prolly no better option in Pak
Yr admission to hogaya hai Financial Aid apply kia hai Allah kre miljae cuz afford to mei nust bhi nhi kr skta
mil jaegi InshALLAH, it depends on your ability to pay for tuition the more or less you need that would be given IA.
Ameen. Thanks man
don’t go for FAST if you want to go abroad for masters as they don’t give a good GPA (atleast thats what i’ve heard). just go for lums or giki and develop your skills but more importantly do research work which can guarantee your admission in a good uni abroad
Reading this, FAST is THE ONE for you! Fosho
GPA, exposure aur communication skills ka kia kroonga?
BZU jao bohat scope ha TBH!!!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmysb8/have_you_accepted_your_offer/
For all those who got their offer before, I guess today is the last day to pay the fee, so what is your situation now?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cmysb8)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmys4j/next_batch_of_acceptances/
When can we expect to see the next round of acceptances? 
From what i have heard

Maybe tomorrow, because today is the deadline for payment for those that have gotten accepted

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmy8ui/asking_for_soe/
I didn’t report AS grades/retakes to lums and sent in internal grades only. Now they’re asking for SOE copy for A2 in which 2 subjects are composite (never given before) and 2 are A2 only. Will the 2 subjects that are A2 only be an issue???  
why didn’t u report the 2 carry forward AS ones?
they were Cs before retake and Bs after retake and 2 subjects i dropped in A2 (and replaced with composite) were Bs too but my internals were 3As and 1B
not reporting but still carrying forward seems off to me. not sure what the admissions office will think of that. you don’t have much of a choice other than sending ur soe and hoping for the best :p
do you think there could be issues with my offer then?
can’t say for sure
I had given urdu composite in my first year of A levels and gave the AS components of the three subjects last year, this year Im only giving the exams of those three subjects im carrying forward but during admission I put all of them in a single record. Should I tell them that urdu was given composite in the first year or will they know just by looking at my result card which indicates that urdu was given as a composite?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmtcl1/lums_vs_iba_for_business/
which one you prefer? and above all why? 
lums doesnot offer BBA ...if you want to do BBA go for IBA...
if you want to go for management sciences school go for lums..
Bro i mean overall buisness degree but got answer after research thanks 
so whats the answer that u found out?
Dude SDSB is knows as Harvard of Pak
Sbs is called oxford of Pakistan dude!
I've never even heard of SBS, let alone the Oxford of Pakistan ( is it the B school of IBA?)
Doesn't really matters mate! I guess u neither know its part of prestegious unicon buisness club too  (which includes harvard, wharton, oxford and all)  Well if you said that mocking iba than this is response, if you really didn't knew then its buisness scl of iba
looks like everyone here has disagreed with u bro 🥲
some downvotes from some troubled individuals associated with IBA or LUMS baseless critiques hold no significance at all.
bro did u just upvote yourself from some fake accounts of urs? 😭😭😂 I mean ur downvotes suddenly got reduced from -5 to 0... in a span of what 30 mins? and that too on a yesterday's dead post..? with not a single new comment from any account? 🙃

im sorry cant take u serious anymore man! I was genuinely trying to have a convo with u to get some info about ur opinions.. but now it looks like u are a pretty troubled person with the way you've reacted... peace ! ✌️
" looks like everyone here has disagreed with u bro 🥲" and the irony to say i want peace🤡.  
brother hypocrite hony ki bhi had hoti hai ;), anyway not here to spitI with u.. farewell.
Go to some school man, learn how to read and comprehend things first... I guess you're too young/naive to be on a uni's subreddit..! 
My comment had nothing to start an argument here, I was just stating a fact in a sarcastic way hoping to get a sensible reply from your side, which could've helped me understand things better, cuz u know what? I thought u were some senior student here... but my God, how wrong was I?

And yeah one more thing... Go Get a Life!! and delete those 5 fake accounts of yours that you've made just to keep upvoting yourself to satisfy your ego when everyone literally disagrees with u here and downvotes ur comments 😂 from -5 downvotes to 0... in literally 30 mins... thats some next level desperation bro...
does it matter? i don't think so, the reality persists lmao, not everyone can get into SDSB
bro did u just upvote yourself from some fake accounts of urs? 😭😭😂 I mean ur downvotes suddenly got reduced from -5 to -1... in a span of what 30 mins? and that too on a yesterday's dead post..? with not a single new comment from any account? 🙃
you indeed are a troubled person, I feel sorry for you.
Ulta chor kotwaal ko daante? 😭 Bhai plz dont tell me u are a student of lums.. I'll really have some serious concerns about their standards then!
Well, see if I make it to both, I'll join IBA SBS. It's worth it in all terms; the connections you'll make ultimately help in finding internships and research opportunities. Name a bank, and you'll find IBA's CEO there. Students of IBA SBS have secured around 1.3/1.4/2.5 million dollars for their business ideas. Here, people know little about what IBA is. Definitely, this is a LUMS community; people will say LUMS is the Harvard of Pakistan, etc. (a self-proclaimed tag). Both are prestigious institutions; in some aspects, LUMS may be better, like having a big campus, a party atmosphere, and a more laid-back vibe. However, this doesn't necessarily improve your chances for prestigious institutions like Harvard, UPenn, etc. In most aspects (networking, competition wins, internship opportunities, exposure to the market), the chances of being selected for internships and research are higher if you are an IBA student. You must know IBA is one of the oldest business institutions in South Asia, and due to its legacy of excellence, its alumni have reached top positions in all major brands and banks, which prefer IBA graduates over others. I don't know what you mean by IBA vs. LUMS (for business), but for partying, chilling, a big campus, dancing, and grooming, LUMS is superior. However, for rigorous studies, internships/job opportunities, networking, affordability, and ultimately building a competitive profile for top institutions like Harvard, IBA is superior. Again, I will apply for Round 2 in IBA via interview and have already applied for LUMS. If I make it to both, I'll definitely choose IBA. 


 Note: It's evident that most people will downvote this comment as they know little about IBA, and as this is lums community but if that's the category you want to know more about, I can't say anything.
Makes sense thanks ! Did research find out all are facts personally what i can say now is bth are pretty much like same so paying 40% more for same thing from lums would be kinda idiotic thanks again!
Made it to sdsb but thinking about sbs as i didn't applyed previously! Sdsb ain't worths 18 lacks
My score is 1410 can u suggest interview tips like how to ace it?
Np bro! Watch some yt interviews hope so they'll help , i am preparing from tgere too

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmrsy3/trasnfer_after_ba/
Can i join bs cs if i complete my two year private bachelor? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmowop/fsc_students_pls_help/
How can I apply into 2nd annual exams for my first year as a fresh candidate, I checked the website I am really skeptical about it Kuch samaj Nahi arha. Will give my exams through federal board pls anyone help me how to apply as a private candidate 
Portal for 2nd annual exams appear after results on board website
Exams are scheduled to take place 40 days after the release of the results, correct?
Ig yes you’re right
So can I give exams in 2nd annual as a fresh candidate?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cminrk/what_are_my_chances/
3A* 3As 2 bs in O-level’s A*A B expected in A-levels i gave lcat and my extra curricular’s were good 3 internships i was the captain of a sports team at my school was an usher at an event at the president house. I applied in sdsb and law school 
Leave everything tell me how did you get to usher at the president house
and depends on the internships too which internships did you do
The people hosting the event were family friends and in need of ushers so I volunteered

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmfz7d/what_r_my_chances/
Hey I applied to sdsb and hss my olevel grades are 3A* 6As and 1 B my sat score is 1220 and alevel predicted grades are 2A and 2B my personal statement was approved by a professional and added a lot of extra curricular activities and 4 internships in finance and management in well known companies. What r my chances
Sdsb low chance. Hss decent chance
I saw a person with 1490 not get into SDSB. So sorry to say, 1% chance.
What about hss?
I have no idea about hss!
No way...are you talking about this year?
[deleted]
Ohh he has a very high chance of getting a revised offer.
Poor sample to represent the population
What do u mean by that
Personal perception, low sample size of people, these do not conclude to a solid hypothesis. Poor premises. He presented his argument as a final answer based on his personal observation which is bs since they are not a credible source.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmez24/gap_years/
hello everyone. I graduated high school back in 2020. I took a gap year in 2021 completely to focus on my mental &amp; physical health.i took mdcat in 2022 &amp; got into dental school but i never wanted to do that so left the merit seat. I worked on my profile as a Fsc student &amp; did a Diploma in Education (ps: I'm a youth empowerment &amp; education activist). I took IBA test twice &amp; couldn't make with a slight margins. do I still have to hope if I get 1550 in SAT + 92% Fsc , 91% Fsc , 30 extracurriculars, 7 awards. I own a startup as well. 
I would appreciate your suggestions, tips &amp; chances of me getting into SDSB in next cycle of admissions in December 2024 Insha'Allah.
if youre considering your chances of getting in then we are doomed
can you elucidate your claims ?
i mean like youre definitely getting in how are you even confused about it with these credentials and the ecs bhaiiiiii
 if I make it to both, I'll join IBA SBS. It's worth it in all terms; the connections you'll make ultimately help in finding internships and research opportunities. Name a bank, and you'll find IBA's CEO there. Students of IBA SBS have secured around 1.3/1.4/2.5 million dollars for their business ideas. Here, people know little about what IBA is. Definitely, this is a LUMS community; people will say LUMS is the Harvard of Pakistan, etc. (a self-proclaimed tag). Both are prestigious institutions; in some aspects, LUMS may be better, like having a big campus, a party atmosphere, and a more laid-back vibe. However, this doesn't necessarily improve your chances for prestigious institutions like Harvard, UPenn, etc. In most aspects (networking, competition wins, internship opportunities, exposure to the market), the chances of being selected for internships and research are higher if you are an IBA student. You must know IBA is one of the oldest business institutions in South Asia, and due to its legacy of excellence, its alumni have reached top positions in all major brands and banks, which prefer IBA graduates over others. I don't know what you mean by IBA vs. LUMS (for business), but for partying, chilling, a big campus, dancing, and grooming, LUMS is superior. However, for rigorous studies, internships/job opportunities, networking, affordability, and ultimately building a competitive profile for top institutions like Harvard, IBA is superior. Again, I will apply for Round 2 in IBA via interview and have already applied for LUMS. If I make it to both, I'll definitely choose IBA.




Note: It's evident that some people may downvote this comment if they know little about IBA, but if that's the category you want to know more about, I can't say anything.




It won't really be a wise decision to go back to lums if you make it for iba (if i were you i would go with iba , actually after researching about both buisness schools without being biased any person will consider iba sbs not sdsb
It was response to a iba vs lums (for buisness person in reddit) which i have shared with you hope so it'll help!
Even if u manage to hit 1270 you'll just have to acc interview seeing your great ec's iam pretty much optimistic with little effort youll make it!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmbdew/chance_me/
I have 2A* 3A's in o levels and A level predicted 2A* and 1 A. I applied to SSE Cs. I have a 34 on the act. Do i have a chance? 
why only 5 o level? and what's your SAT
34 act is like a 1530 to 1540
why only 5 subjects?
Idk that's not me
Im an overseas student
We mostly give only 5
Ok then you got some solid chances as 1500 SAT equivalent ACT is more then enough

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmaobl/help_needed_with_application/
What are my chances of getting into LUMS' Business school or science and engineering school?

O level: 8 A*
A level: A B C
SAT: 1340
Extracurriculars: Good. Completed an international internship with a US university. Started by own NGO + startup amongst other things. 

I'm feeling very apprehensive about my application. I would also appreciate if someone could tell me if FCCU and UET are comparable to LUMS since they are my backups. Especially UET.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cmaf04/need_sincere_advice/
So, I always wanted to study in the US. I have been accepted into a couple of universities but no complete scholarship, and so the cost is too much and they are very expensive, so I might not be able to make it. I got into Stony Brook and have been offered 24k usd for four years. LUMS hasn't given my acceptance yet; I have chances of getting in though, very strong, but it is too expensive as well. I looked up universities in Europe which are pretty cheap, but deadlines have passed. Germany means 13 years of education which I don't have, and now I have no idea what to do. Is there any uni accepting students now that is cheap as well? I am already on a gap year, and I don't wanna take another.
If you can't afford the US and can't either go to Europe, then the only viable option left, in my opinion, is going to LUMS. I got into UC Berkeley, which is a top engineering and computer science school in the US and is on par with the Ivy Leagues and even ranked higher than most of the Ivies. However, since it's a state university in California, I didn't get any aid, and now my parents are expected to pay $65k a year, which is way too much. Even with a campus job, it would still be something like $45k. Stanford was my dream university, and unfortunately, I couldn't make it there. Never mind, I'll definitely apply there for grad admissions. So, I might go to LUMS because I don't think paying so much in the US, if you can't or barely afford it, would be a wise option. On the other hand, at LUMS, my entire education would cost around $25-30k, and I would get somewhat similar education and exposure there.
I am actually thinking the same. you cant even get student loan in Pakistan and if i get in lums(hopefully i do) i will go there. stony brook gave me a merit scholarship of 6k a year and the annual cost is 58k so i still have to pay 52k and i definitely dont wanna do that.
yeah, and full rides are getting extremely rare, so for the undergrad, it would be worth considering the high COA, you can consider taking the loan for the grad admissions since it's less costly and easy to pay back.
yesss.
but the fact that it was my dream to pursue bachelors in US and nothing hurts more than seeing your dream being crushed
The dream of studying in the US is often shattered for many students due to the high costs involved, even with some partial scholarships the remaining cost is still too high. But that won't stop me from pursuing my dream of studying at Stanford. I believe I'll make it happen one day, InshAllah
Grad schools in most US and Canadian schools are covered by TA/RA and/or other types of funding (e.g., dept. scholarships or funding from labs etc.). 

  
LUMS I think provides interest free loans for tuition fees, which is also a good option to partially fund studies at LUMS.
It's relatively easier to get funding for your grad studies because there are lots of options available. Many students from LUMS get their master's programs fully funded in the US and other countries. Plus, LUMS offers interest-free loans. There are also other ways to fund your master's at LUMS, like merit scholarships, a 50% women's scholarship, and fellowships etc.
if you are willing to choose buisness as a mojor why don't you go for IBA, it's affordable and far better than lums!
LOL, how bizarre you statement is " far better than LUMS" 😂
if you've done A levels then that IS 13 years of education. A2 is called yr 13 for a reason.
Try IBA or nust..
IBA is your best bet then. They have good job placements and even graduate placements aswell
IBA is the sweet spot man, i also got into NYU with 60% aid and still then couldn’t afford it, LUMS is very expensive for me asw.
I got in with 100%, still couldn't afford it. The exchange is just crazy.
even if lums and iba's both coa would be same i prefer iba bcz in most of aspects it's better than lums (networking, internships opportunities, etc)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cm9jef/what_are_my_chances/
I had bad o level result with 3A 4B and 1C, I have 1480 in SAT and some extracurriculars with some python internships and some national chess awards. I was wondering what my chances to get into Lums cs department were. Also if I were to retake 2-3 of my o level Cie and get A/A* in them how much would that improve my overall chances 
[removed]
By the time my result for A levels comes the admission period will be over
[removed]
My school doesn't have As we give the all papers together in A2
[removed]
Lgs jt
you'll get rejected unfortunately because of that C. I had a friend with a 1450 SAT 3as in AS 5As/A\*s 2Bs and 1C in OL and he still got rejected in the last cycle from HSS. The most lenient case I've seen is for someone having a max of 3Bs and 5As in OL. that too with a stellar SAT score and AL grades
What if like I said I retake 3 papers and my result becomes 6 A/A*s and 3B(I missed a B in original post). And if it's still  not enough how much more do you think I need to do like improve sat to 1500+?
Can i dm you
Of course
What if I have all As in OL but my sat score isn't the best. Is that a better position to be in?
It would be difficult to get in lums and even if you do you will have to pay huge money per semester cause of these
[removed]
I'm in A1 and my school doesn't have AS we give the all the papers in A2, I think it's called composites
Hey I applied to sdsb and hss my olevel grades are 3A* 6As and 1 B my sat score is 1220 and alevel predicted grades are 2A and 2B my personal statement was approved by a professional and added a lot of extra curricular activities and internships. What r my chances
youll get in
This is such a wierd spot to be inn
Ik any advice?
Whats your plan tho rn?
Retake cies and maybe sat and then apply
What about A levels tho
I have composite not as so aslong as I meet minimum requirement it doesn't matter
True I would suggest that your Sat seems fine you could improve your o levels without a doubt
This also depends on what school you are targeting
Also I hope you have some backup unis

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cm9axm/what_business_program_should_i_choose/
Salam everyone, I'am applying in different universities for business studies and pretty much confused about the programs to choose. 

What would be better? BBA or BS Business and I also don't really know about the different combinatios of courses and stuff.

 I have no one to guide me hence I am posting here as there are some seniors who might help. 

P.S: I personally think that marketing goes well with my interests. 
LUMS doesn't offer BBA , they gave a management sciences degree &amp; courses are diverse so opt accordingly.
accordingly kaisay hota hai👉👈

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cm6zhj/chance_me/
matric 96.2, fsc 83.1%, sat 1330, 13-14 eca's and awards, decent ps, applied to sdsb
almost the same credentials, applied to mgshss , waiting for the acceptance.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cm48l7/chance_me/
2A*5A 1B olevel. ACCD AS. 1280 Sat score. Strong extracurricular. applied in SDSB
low chance, did u apply in hss as second preference?
No I didn't I applied cs as a second preference. I have an acceptance with scholarship from US but lums is my first priority. I need to apply for visa etc so idk how long I should wait for lums.
Please can you tell which university you from US u got into? And how much scholarship they provide?
I got into George mason university. It's not an very high ranking university but I have relatives in the area so it's easier for me. I got almost 60% scholarship on tution fee. I wouldn't recommend as with the living cost it adds up to alot
Could you please mind sharing the university you got into?
yikes. low chance with only 7A/A* and a low sat but you never know i guess
I have the same stats in Olevels but with a 1470 SAT score And my EXTRacurriculars have CS50 Harvard , 2 internships where i earnt money and a Science Olympiad Participation and also a summer school etc. I also spent over 13 hours on my essay. What are my Chances for CS In SSE as i havent received my accceptance yet and i am worried.??

PLEASE HELP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1clm2nm/chances_of_acceptance/
O level: 3 A*s 4 As 1 B
A level: pending (composite) 
SAT: 1250 
Extracurricular: Lums Yles, MUNs
Applied for SDSB 
Possible
Had exact same OL grades, ACC in AL and a 1380 SAT and got accepted last year. If your AL results are much better that might be able to compensate for your SAT, but it’s still tough for SDSB. Best of luck!
Thankuu 🫶🏻
low chances, did you apply to hss too?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1clm0f2/deferal_possibility/
I got into lums fall semester but i cant attend bc if some personal reasons right now, so can i ask deferal into spring semester or do i have to reapply later?
u will have to reapply next year

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cllqtz/girls_hostel_in_lums/
1. What are the accommodation options available at the LUMS girl hostel?
2. What are the amenities provided in the hostel?
3. How is the security arrangement at the hostel?
4. Are there any specific rules or regulations for residents?
5. What is the atmosphere like in the hostel?
6. How is the food quality and dining arrangements?
7. How does the hostel accommodate and support residents' mental health and well-being?
8. How is the cleanliness and maintenance of the hostel facilities? Especially washrooms


1. Dormitory accommodations are readily available on campus for students seeking lodging.
2. At LUMS, the hostel amenities cover nearly all essential needs. Each hostel provides a communal kitchen equipped with an iron and stove for occasional cooking. A shared refrigerator is available, though students may opt for a personal fridge in their rooms with prior authorization. Common bathrooms are accessible, and laundry services are offered at budget-friendly rates. While rooms are not air-conditioned, during summers, students relocate to air-conditioned common areas.
3. Security measures at LUMS are stringent, with clear guidelines on the code of conduct. Violations are addressed promptly and in accordance with established protocols.
4. While there are no strict regulations, students are expected to maintain a conducive environment. There are no curfew restrictions, allowing students to enter and exit the hostel at their convenience.
5. The hostel experience is greatly influenced by roommates. Students are encouraged to foster positive relationships, with the option to request a roommate change if necessary.
6. LUMS has amazing food it's literally so good you have a variety of options there are 12 high-quality cafes and restaurants on the campus that offer gourmet food there is no typical mess system, but they have PDC which offers good food at an economical price.
7. The vibrant LUMS community fosters a supportive environment with abundant opportunities for engagement. Students participate in enriching activities, socialize with peers, and enjoy a fulfilling campus life. While homesickness is rare, support services are available for those in need.
8. Cleanliness and hygiene are prioritized in the dormitories and bathrooms, with diligent staff ensuring regular maintenance. Many students choose to bring their own toiletries, contributing to the overall upkeep of the facilities.
Thank youu
It's a hostel, not a 5 hotel. Enjoy living with the girls 👧

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1clkxn2/when_do_we_get_hostels/
Hey i applied for hostel accommodation during the application, got accepted Alhamdulillah and have paid the tuition fee. But i haven't received any hostel fee voucher or any detail regarding hostels
When do we get that?
If you don’t mind me asking how much tuition fee did you pay?
The fee voucher they sent was total of 10lac 40k
The tuition fee itself was 667k
There was a 150k SSE fee (ig that's sort of lab charges)
And the rest was admission fee and security
You should have received the hostel fee voucher in that case. The only caveat is that if are you based in Lahore they won't be offering you hostel accommodation yet
Ok thats explains it as I'm residing in lahore
It's just the commute is absolutely unmanageable
i dont think that's the case, Lahore residents also get the fee voucher along with tuition fee voucher
Nope this year people outside Lahore are given accommodation read it in the parcel they sent you

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1clhg99/hostel_questions/
I have been accepted and have paid the admission fee. Before I wasn't thinking of hosteling but now my parents are asking me to apply for one just in case they can't arrange transport. How do I apply for it now?
If the hostel has a mess/food included in the hostel fee, apply for it without a doubt. Iirc, it's around 70k for semester, you won't be able to find a decent room in areas surrounding DHA/LUMS at less than 20k/month (rent only). If you decide to go farther away, you'll be spending what you saved from rent on petrol/commute/ubers.
it doesnt have food included
So lums hostels are cheaper than renting a room in that area? F
Yeah. If you live alone or at most share with one person. With 2 people, you are getting a room of let assume 20k (10k each) + petrol commute cost. Bear that in mind. It'll be only a room. You'll have to pay electric, water, heating(stove or room (in winter)) extra.
I anticipate the accommodation application will open soon
i think u can apply after you get your zambeel portal login details
Hostel voucher is provided in addition to fee voucher with the same due date. I guess hostel voucher is provided to the students who are based outside of Lahore.
You will get into a hostel dw. It's too early imo
But desi parents being desi lol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cldfg3/financial_aid_application/
Hello, I wanted to ask of its true that LUMS makes random home visits? If so, can someone tell how often that happens
they are not random lmao, they'll inform you before visiting
yeah they’ll probably visit your home once to confirm all the information

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1clb21z/decisions/
Asked a dude who’s currently studying at Lums aur usne yahi kaha kai apko 31st July tak decisions milti hain iss liye ghabrao mat aur apke creds sai ghatta farak nai parta cause uski khud acceptance June mai ayi thi and he had like 10 plus A\* and 1500 plus sat. Mostly aisa hi cycle tha kai 15th April ko bohat sari acceptances ayi thi and then some more like 4-5 din baad. Uske baad it went kinda dry aur tab aur decisions release hoi jab fee pay karne ki date guzar gai thi. This year that date is 8th May aur ig uske baad aur decisions aye gi. I think aise hi karte rahe gai ye lums walai July tak although in my opinion this entire cycle is pure cancer cause agar accept karna hai ya reject tou at the max aik ya do week kai span mai kardo agar apko aik certain tareekh dene mai sharam ati hai
Thanks for posting this man. Waiting for acceptance can get so annoyingg
Exactly my US unis deadline is 1st june. I got into two which meet my financial aid requirement, but lums is my first priority. Its so annoying i am waiting for the lums but end mai agar lums sai na ayi acceptance, i will lose US too rdk what to do. THIS SUCKS
If you don’t receive a decision from lums by 31 May then place an enrollment deposit (not tuition fee) on one of the two colleges in the US (the one you prefer). Later on if you do receive an acceptance from lums and want to enroll there, send an email to your already enrolled us college thanking them and notifying that you’re enrolling elsewhere. They’ll reverse your enrollment.

You’ll likely lose the enrollment fee (usually around $100), but enrolling in this case may be of your interest as if God forbid lums acceptance doesn’t work out, you don’t lose your seat (and aren’t forced to reapply next year).
[deleted]
Lagta hai ghar par aaj kisi nai moon nai lagaya ao thora sa engage karlete hain tumain. It would be really helpful If your pea sized brain could comprehend that I was just venting my frustration and that theres no need to measure who is or isnt gonna make it. Moon sai fazool baat nikalni hoti hai toh moon band rakha karo baraye meherbani.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cl3ask/information/
I got accepted into SSE and am curious to know how is their computer science program and how is the student life here 
when did you get your acceptance? like was it in the first batch or more recently
I got my acceptance on 21st april
Their CS is exactly based on that of Cornell and CMU
Bhai konse delusion me reh rai ho
brother aap ill-informed ho hum delusional nahi :)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cl2nqg/ibcc_equivalence_certificates/
How/Where do I get those.
ibcc office
Visit the website https://equivalence.ibcc.edu.pk/?action=login and create an application by choosing one of the 3 modes. Follow the instructions mentioned and as far as i remember, you need the following documents for your Olevel equivalence: cnic photocopy, father’s cnic photocopy, 2 attested back to back copies of your Olevel certificates, 2 attested back to back copies of your Olevel statement of results, your original Olevel documents and the equivalence form that you can download from their website
By attested, you need to have the aforementioned documents signed by a grade 17 or above government employee
You will have to have your Olevel equivalence made before you can apply for your Alevel equivalence
For your Alevel equivalence, you’ll need to have the documents mentioned above along with the following: 2 attested back to back copies of your Alevel certificates, 2 attested back to back copies of your Alevel statement of results, your original Alevel documents, 2 attested back to back copies of your olevel equivalence [and your original olevel equivalence(not sure about this one)]
Feel free to ask any questions
How do I get my O level results attested?
ask your parents that if they know any 17th grade or above government officers. Make two back to back photocopies of the result and ask the person to attest it.
I did not need statement of result to get my equivalence certificate.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cl2dbz/helpp/
Can you still get a revised offer if you don't accept your first one.
I got accepted to my second pref but is there a chance I get revised offer even after I don't accept this one???
You have to accept the offer in order to be even considered for a revised one.
Mein aj admission office hokay aya hoon they said kay if you don't accept the offer so your admission from the respective school will be revoked but it's on chance based on merit whether you will get into your first pref or not.However, groups mein everyone is saying kay you need to accept in order to remain in admission cycle.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckmy77/nust_vs_lums/
Hey so I posting the same posts in both nust and lums community just to know the comparison a little better. So I'm going to be doing cs majors more typically cyber security so can anyone guide me that which university is a better option.
Nust is better for cs. Also consider fast
There's no comparison! both are great, you should better know which uni perfectly aligns with your goals and pursuits, ultimately it all boils down to where you feel like going and where you can actually go
Both are great Unis , but if it’s cybersecurity you want to do then I’d say go to giki, their ai and cybersecurity is really good . Their applications are open till the 15th
how do people go from mainland to giki is it easy and chill there? i mean student life
It's campus life is on par with LUMS
yeah but out of campus?
I see what's the fees structure and the minimum percentage.
Quote of a lifetime,"parhne wala kaheen bhi parh jata hai'.
For cs Nust is the best institute.  For business  related courses lums is the best institute.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckmis7/ama_im_a_seasoned_hr_professional_with_top_mnc/
Hello - figured a lot of you might be graduating soon or might need help or have questions on professional  careers . Happy to help out where I can. 

Is it possible to become a pro. Hitman?
I have been told they pay a lot.
They who. Who runs the hitmen? Not sure if they require a 3.0 GPA in which case I'm out
What is the outlook for ACF. Should I clear ACCA papers before graduating ? How easy is it to adapt to other job roles given that most of my degree is away from data analytics and management science.
It honestly depends on your ambition and long term goals. I have seen finance professionals reach great heights without acca and I've seen some follow the route of big 4 before choosing the cfo route in other industries not specific to finance. 

Clearing ACCA does give you the ability to widen your professional career base. 

I  truly believe careers aren't linear anymore. Treat your graduation as a fresh start irrespective of the degree you've done. You can make the shift to data analytics if you wish to right after graduation. Not many companies have valorized data roles though
How big of a role did lums play in the position you are at right now?
Not a lums grad. So quite a big one, considering they never responded to my application back in the day ..
Do you BSc Economics has more scope or BSc Finance. I’m interested in both but can’t choose. So I want to choose based on job prospects. For context I’m going to NUST
Honest advice - choose the one you think you would be better at or that excites  you more.. 

Both have a great future. All depends on what you want to do eventually. Nothing replaces hard work, though. I'd choose econ.
That’s the issue. I’m good at both and cuz I don’t really have passion rn so idk which excites me more. Some people say that acf is too specific so it limits you but econ is too broad as well. I think i want to go towards corporate finance like becoming a financial analyst or something and I can do that with either degree. And I also know that I don’t want to do acca so would my ACF degree be enough for employers? Also, any particular reason why you would choose econ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckfhbe/chance_me_pls_for_hss/
olevels: 2A* 5As 2Bs
As grades: A B D
sat: 1310

for hss econ major
Not that high but still possible
I think pretty decent chance for hss

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckcrq9/cies/
When will CIEs exams start and when will results be announced? 
Theyve already started and result's sometime august
15 aug prolly

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckat1l/reality_of_changing_majors_at_different_schools/
Hello Guys! 
I recently applied to two different schools at LUMS (SBASSE and the Humanities School). For reference, I applied for CS,Math at SBASSE, and Eco&amp;PS,Eco at the Humanities School. Based on the policy of different schools, students decide on declaring their final choice of majors after either one year or two years. The problem is that I am still slightly unsure about the choice of majors that I have selected for now. Therefore, can you all please guide me on how easy is it to switch majors in these schools after the common one-year/two-years? For example, assuming that I get an admission offer from either of these schools, how easy would it be for me to switch to an EcoMath program after the required common year(s)?
getting a major means meeting the gpa cutoff and then changing majors interschool is doing well enough in the courses relevant to the major, shifting schools is a lengthy process u have to take enough courses of that school n stuff but it also depends on major, so if u want to switch to math from econ itll be relativly easy get good grade in math courses and seat is always avalible but switching to cs is a different ball park
also switching to SSE is the hardest of all, coz you might need to take courses in calculus and algebra which might be harder for those with no background in STEM, and you need to maintain a certain high GPA in your freshmen/sophomore year

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ckabwy/difference_between_ecomath_majors_offered_at_lums/
Hello Guys!
Can anyone please help me out with understanding the difference between the EcoMath programs offered at SBASSE and the Humanities school? The program pages for both the majors are pretty much the same. However, the only difference I could spot is one being a regular BSc (offered by SBASSE) and the other one being an Honours BSc (offered by the Humanities school). I would really appreciate it if anyone could please highlight the key differences that one should know about these programs.
Bump
It’s the same degree with the same core courses and pathway to graduation. Only difference is that in SSE you will have to take STEM related core courses (Bio, Mechanics, Quantum Physics, Chem, CS) in freshman year and in HSS you will have to take social science courses (they have a freshman and sophomore target list too, refer to the handbook). The Econ and math course requirements are the same. Just depends on what you prefer more tbh

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck8k7s/third_year_student_at_lums_ask_me_anything_im_an/
I did this a few years back, and since a lot of people are getting admissions nowadays, I thought I'd help with any queries you have regarding campus and study life, or if you just want insight on someone who's finishing their third year here.  i live in the hostels but im from lahore so ive experienced quite a bit of everything this university has to offer.

pls dont message me your personal queries, im not an admission offices counselor, im just here to answer your questions about campus life.

and no stupid questions about hooking up /fahashi and hickey ground.
What do you think are the job prospects of those in the econ stream?

Which societies do you think are worthwhile?

What is the cheapest options from campus cafeteria?

In general, how would you rate hostel infrastructure?

Is there much hassle in registering for courses? How often would one find that all potential seats for a course is already taken?

How many minors can a person take on? And would you recommend someone taking two minors?

How would you rate the faculty?
1- The job prospects are diverse. I know many econ grads working in corporate, consulting, policy, HR, marketing or even witht heir own startups. The job prospects depend on your skills, interests, experience and  expertise tbvh. 

2- It really depends on what YOU think is worthwhile. The most competitive ones are LCG(lums consulting group) and LUMUN waghera. LCG, lums economic/enrepeneurial society jesi societies might help you build on skills that will help you in the job market but in my opinion every society is worth it because you get to interact with so many different people and make friends and memories and work for things that teach you a lot and bring you happiness. IMO the skills you learn from these societies can help you when applying to jobs(treasury, human resources, leadership, social media management, marketing etc) Im personally in music society and feminist society and ive had a great experience in both

3-PDC but even that is getting slightly expensive with fee hikes  
  
4-Yar enrollment mai bohot zalalat hoti hai, but eventually you learn to settle for courses you werent intending to take but had to end up taking. in any case, youre guaranteed to get the courses you need for your major, but you might miss out on fun courses that you really like.

 5- i heard you can do a double minor. i dont personally recommend taking minors because ive heard theyre not that helpful but obv every case is different. if youre a cs student doing a minor in say gender or religion studies realistically thats not gonna help with job prospects in the CS field. but its good for exploring a field youre interested in on the side

  
6-faculty is amazing. some instructors are a hit or miss. many are very esteemed and favored among the studet body- others are just okay. every instructor has a different grading criteria and way to teach. but overall our faculty is good for particular degrees
Dumb me thought he was asking how many minors one could take on in a fight 💀💀
How can one ensure enrollment in the courses they like/want?

Also I got into msghss as well. How much is the workload in the first year and how many hours on average you would recommend to study at minimum per day
no stupid questions about fahashi culture please.
Will the acceptances still keep coming?
not qute sure about this sorry, but i remember i got my admission in april of 2021 and one of my friends got his in june so cant say.
People get offers as late as end of July.
How’s the hostel life at LUMS? And do you have any idea as to when the application process for hostel starts?
Applications should open soon enough, You'll be notified of everything, dont worry just yet. Hostel life is incredible. The hostels sometimes have areas where they lack at times but you have everything you need on campus. Amenities and facilities are great. There's triple occupancy and double occupancy. Idk if youre asking about the hostels themselves or hostel life in general but it';ll take a lot of getting used to at first but soon enough you'll grow to love being independent
Well thank you! Been nervous about the hostel but this was very uplifting. I might reach out to you on here in future if that’s okay
for sure!
If you're a day scholar (resident of Lahore), applications for the hostels will open closer to the start of the semester. For first year outstation students, you're already alloted a hostel I believe. You must have already paid for it in the original fee.
Yes I don’t live in Lahore and I have already paid the fees for hostel. The letter I received from LUMS explicitly mentioned that the room will be allocated automatically and I will receive the details. So I was just wondering when does that happen normally and if there is anything I should be doing about it right now. I have also received my roll no
No you don't need to do anything. On the moving in day, they'll give you the keys to your room
alright thank you
If you are introvert and wanting to get out of your shell what should you do? Generally what is the best way to socialise and make new friends in LUMS?

And do you have to take hostel for full year? Like if you’re a Lahori and just want to experience hostel life for 1 semester is that possible?

And do you have any idea that how many students (just to get an estimate of chances) go for an MBA abroad after undergrad and mostly go on scholarships or pay fees?
you simply go up to people and talk to them. theres no shortcut to these things and thats the harsh reality that lums teaches you but its for your best. everyone at university is hungry for socialization, so fi youre in your freshmen year youre in luck because everyone wants to socialize with each other. follow people from your batch, talk to your o week pals, socialize in your courses.

and yea its possible. hostel registrations open after every semester ends

not sure abt the last question
hey hey hello what were ur subjects in a levels just asking
hi i had maths physics and CS. Initially applied to SSE but got rejected because of the sse entry test. couldnt be more thankful about it
ive applied for the same major but havent gotten in yet. 

how is studying the major like?

also, i have a 1310 sat, 96% matric and 86% fsc. chance me
good chances. idk much about matric fsc but your sat score seems good enough. youll like the major if youre into a shit ton of readings and keep up to date with politics around the world and are interested in studying political movements. if youre less interested in economics then i guess you'll just have to scrape through like i am right now. not personally a fan of economics but some economics electives are fun.
thank you!
How’s academic pressure at lums?
its tough, youd think its easygoing for "simple" majors like english history pol sci etc but its hard and rigorous. they dont care about your mental health. some days youre so physically exerted and want to give up on life. but thats the trade off of a university that has to meet international university standards.
Oh is it bearable!😭
i guess? ill say that its much more hectic than o a levels if thats what youre used to lol. shit tons of assignments, quizzes and course components to balance. and if youre a hss or law kid youll have to read 30 pages everyday for just one course which is not easy. and some courses have 100+page readings and you cant afford to not do them because your cp and exam/quizzes/assignments rely on your knowledge of them. its not easy but you learn to grapple it.
What do you think are the job prospects of those in the econ stream?

Which societies do you think are worthwhile?

What is the cheapest options from campus cafeteria?

In general, how would you rate hostel infrastructure?

Is there much hassle in registering for courses? How often would one find that all potential seats for a course is already taken?

How many minors can a person take on? And would you recommend someone taking two minors?

How would you rate the faculty?
How’s the campus life? How’s the general ambiance? How do people treat one another? What’s the atmosphere amongst students like? I mean what kind of mindset prevails amongst the majority people? Would an introvert be able to manage?
Everyone's expected to be respectful because we have a strict disciplinary committee. I fyou get caught in something that violates the code of conduct youre reprehended for it. Moreover, I would definitely say that if you say or do something ill-informed/ out of pocket youre  very likely to get cancelled by friend groups waghera. seen it happen quite a lot here.

generally most people are open minded and non judgemental but that doesnt speak for 100% of people here, there are obviously outliers. but in terms of diversity youll find people from every background and religion here. as an introvert i used to find it chalenging to manage. but lums taught me to get out of my shell.
How frequent is interaction amongst students from different schools? What’s the general perception about SAHSOL amongst students? How’re SAHSOL people?
it depends on how much you reach out to them. sometimes youll have courses with people from different schools and your o week group will also have different people. on a day to day basis youre most likely to hang out with people from your own school from wat ive experienced and noticed around me. about sahsol, theres no general perception per se, theyre just law kids studying law lol. sahsol people are alright i guess, it varies from batch to batch
[removed]
I'm actually in my 2nd semester at a different uni so asking this pretty much only out of curiosity . How exactly is the freshman experience at lums like? I have 2 friends who attend there and although they've shared positive experiences, I'm still curious about O week, societies, and overall social life there. I've visited the campus twice as a visitor and absolutely loved the vibe.
vibes are amazing. its like another world. i would definitely describe it as a dream compared to student experiences in other uinversities
That sounds absolutely amazing. I'm from another university in Lahore which is fairly known for it's university life and I only have a single person whom I can call my friend despite my second sem nearing it's end .I did have a friend group but all of them had their own friend groups from school/went seperate ways after first semester and believe me when I say this, I've tried EVERYTHING that's usually given as an advice to socialize. Be it striking up convs with random people, volunteering for society, trying to participate in class etc but no one here seems to be in mood to reciprocate lol (also sorry for ranting ig😭)
hey man, its just your first year. i only had a handful of friends in my first two years, only formed a proper stable friend group in third year. it'll take time. i hope your university life is going great
Thanks man, really appreciate it &lt;3
What do you like the most about lums, and what do you dislike?
i love that as a woman i can do things openly that i wouldnt be able to outside. i can wear my choice of clothes (although theres been some dress code implementation issues now that the student body is trying to fight against) but even then, i can wear pants and shirts of my choice and not get judged for it which i cant do outside of lums, i can smoke and just feel a bit more liberated. i like that we have access to a lot of free facilities like counselling, therapy, gym, swimming pools, tuition centers, and more. we have many departments that are just there to help us in our academic and career journey. our career services office helps us with resumes and internship applications etc. so theres that. 

baaki i dont like how unaccommodating the system is to people who have disabilities and mental health issues. if one of your family member passes away youre required to submit a shit ton of documents for proof within a specific amount of days and even then youre not exactly given favorable accommodations and might still have to sit for some exams. as much as this university preaches about mental health, i wish the environment was a bit more conducive to it. the academic pressure is insane over here and accommodations aren't that great. i think another layer of this is the culture of competition. everyone's in a rat race to make it to the top and because of relative grading, a lot of people aren't willing to help others out with notes etc. its bizarre and im only seeing it for the first time at lums, but i cant blame them at the same time because of how much competition there is around us.
whats the difference between eco and politics and eco and math and only eco
economics is pure economics, whereas econ msth and econ pol are a combination of both subjects. youll be taking courses from both maths and economics if youe econ maths, and both econ and politics if your econ pol. but youll be taking less econ courses than a regular econ major, same for pol and math-youll only be taking a smaller amount of pol courses than a regular pol major
how did you convince your parents to let you live in a hostel while being from lahore? (had enough of the brown toxic household)
having lahori friends who are rooming in the hostels really helps. one of my friends made a compelling case about how transport to campus is more expensive than rooming in the hostels. in my case, i'd usually come home late becaues of society work and once that started bothering my parents they agreed to let me stay in the hostels
that makes sense but none of my friends are going to lums :( most are taking a gap year or some other uni, so im kind of sad about that
give it some time till at least sophomore or junior year, the more you convince them and show them that its more convenient for you to stay in the hostels, the more theyll feel pressured to. try coming home more late than often so you can inconvenience your driver/whoever picks you up, then just make an excuse about how the society youre in is very demanding. you can also always pull out the group work excuse.
risthedar validation that you might need sucks the most!  
thankfully my parents are very understanding.
So my question is about financial aid, After submitting FA Application, estimated how many days do FA team visits you
Is it worth the money?
sure in the grand scheme of things. you get the best out of all worlds. if you have the money for it, go for it
Hii! I wanted to ask about:

1. Is tranferring from SDSB to SBASSE possible? I've gotten into SDSB but i plan to tranfer into the latter for computer science. I didnt have physics earlier but I'm planning to take it in the Nov series. Do you know ppl who have been in a similar situation? 

  
2. How generous is LUMS with finanicial aid? 

Thank you!
its hard, but its not impossible. be sure to plan your major smartly and maintain a gpa of above 3.9 to be on the safest side

2-not very sadly.
LUMS has reputation and is dream university of most of Pakistani Students but not everyone can end up there. So How LUMS itself is different from other universities of Pakistan and why its students are different? What stuff other university students should do to be like same as LUMS students. What skills Lums inculcate and how? 
Have this question for a long time but unfortunately didnt got answer. Hope now ill get. TIA
i think a huge part of this lies in a collective student body thats able to mobilize against the administration without any consequences. fee hikes and draconian policies unites the student body and we look out for each other. our community is one of our biggest assets. if anyones struggling financially, mentally or otherwise, its our duty to look out for our peers. we have the liberty to do a lot of things without any judgement that would otherwise not be okay outsdie of lums. our student run societies are incredible and operate on a large scale. our extra curricular life exceeds expectations of what a regular extra curricular life is supposed to be like. people are typically non judgemental and theres no space for judgement here. also, people can network here easily. the academic pressure lums instills in us prepares us for real life struggles and grad school abroad. lums teaches you how to operate under pressure and meet deadlines efficiently. the administration will work in the students favor eventually. we have a shit done of great facilities, eateries and amenities and student/campus life solely because what the students want matters to the administration (although this isnt true 100% of the time)
Can you just brief the process of enrolment, how it is done, and any advice to get your desired courses?
they walk you through it during orientation week, you dont need to know about this right now. its not complicated. and theres no hard or fast rule to getting your desired courses. you either get  them or you dont, thats just the rule.  just make sure to do it on time and with a good internet connection
Hey my question is more relevant to MS than BS, i hope you can help me with that. Is getting an acceptance in the SSE MS programs (Cs or Ai to be specific) easier than getting accepted in the BS programs? Also what kind of creds are suitable to get into? Like if I have good records from School and College, what gpa in BS would get me a safe acceptance? Also is an MS in cs or Ai from Lums worth it?
Do you know any kids who had rather average grades but we're accepted due to their ECs and PS
not really, most people i know had a good balance or either didnt have ecs and pcs but above average grades
How long usually course exams are for during semester finals? Like are they 2 hours or 3 hours long or 2 and a half hours? And also how do LUMS professors cater to international students in prospect to language like do LUMS professors take class in English or Urdu? I would appreciate an answer
they can range from 2-3 depending on the course. i think if youre an international student you shouldtalk to a professor beforehand so they can make adjustments. theres no strict rule that you have to teach in english. most instructors use a mix of both english and urdu, and some teach in either of the two. depends on the instructor and course
So some courses semester finals can be 3 hours long right?
Sorry to ask you this again. But is there anymore courses that you know that have a final exam duration of more than 3 hours or is 3 hours the limit for some courses?
[deleted]
har jaga yehi hota hai. i regret to inform you that hookup culture and lgbtq people are rampant everywhere, just hidden. you wont find openly gay people parading around khoka, but queer people do exist here, like they do everywhere. youll have to get used to it buddy. baaki pda ke bohot strict rules hain, you get sent a disciplinary committee notice if youre caught. ye alag bat hai ke people might get away with things if theyre smart about it and are unnoticed. the campus is huge. the way youre framing it is largely exaggerated and ridiculous.
lol that's what i have heard so far
Euu is this the main reason you're so lums biased?
[deleted]
I'm definitely not
Dawg it’s not common
that's why I'm asking nigga
You have to realize u live in Pakistan where people thrive on exaggeration
That's the reason I referred to them as "rumors."
Your implied premise was that you believe it to be true, otherwise this question wouldn’t have arose.
chill bro, its not a big deal

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck7sdr/question/
What is the process of getting a revised offer ??  Like how do people get revised offers?? Do you have to contact the admission office yourself ? 
if u got accepted into 2nd pref now ur on a ranked list, if seats are avalible in 1st pref they are givien to those with 2nd pref based on the order of their rank
Automatic
But there is a deadline for accepting my current conditional offer. I still have to accept that right now?
Yes otherwise it would be given to someone else.
not many people get revised offers, they are primarily dependant on the vacant seats left. however many students get their acceptances from their first pref school first and later on from their second pref school.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck64b4/job_opportunities/
Hey everyone! Does lums offer jobs to current students on campus? I have heard that students work at universities while studying to cover up some part of fees/earn? 
you can do internships at the co curricular activtities office , but the jobs they offer are v limited. you can become a peer adivsor leader too (just a mentor for freshmen). but the pay is quite frankly very shit.  
apart from that theres obviously TA and RA(Research assistant jobs) but thats in every university

in the summer holidays you can teach at the lums daycare as a paid (shit pay as well) internship

baaki most people around here make do with jobs on the side, lums doesnt really help that much with offering on campus jobs. your best bet is to find a part time gig, work for a student who runs a startup thats hiring for internships, or make a startup/ business and advertise it at lums.

baaki there are always people offering money for you to do their essays/assignments/ tutor them for courses theyre struggling in.

theres a food delivery service started by students where you can deliver food from eateries to dorm rooms and get paid for it, highly doubt its enough to cover the fees though, just a lil extra bucks on the side

baaki lums is very helpful with providing internship opportunities for companies, so you can work with them while youre studying. the job im doing right now started off as an internship that lums sent info about to us via email, then i talked to the employer and he gave me a part time position and thats how i earn while studying. the best way is to honestly network and reach out to people.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck5qpz/fsc_students/

Hey I am switching to fsc from alevels, I just wanted to ask some questions to clear my confusion.
. Firstly can I appear as a private candidate for my fsc exam 1st year in 2nd annual exams? 
. Secondly I will turn 19 this year in June so is there any age limit to complete fsc?  
There is no age limit..
And I think you can appear. 
Do check the website..
Bro your everything is perfect. Just exams prep required
yes you can appear as a private candidate in the 2nd annual exams and there's no age limit
u can't do private if you want to do pre med or pre eng, however, you can appear private if ure considering FA. Also, there's no age limit
No you can appear privately in fsc too in federal board I just checked the website
Tf told you that ???
Yes OP you can , i myself saw people do it
yes in punjab board as well u can appear private

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck5khi/graduate_admissions/
Guys, i just heard someone on Facebook saying they got a call for EMBA.. has it started? I am getting anxious.
On weekend? 

There should be a live chat post for MS candidates so candidates can update if any of them get an interview call/acceptance.
No, on Friday. 

Fr make one.. i am going insane
&gt;Fr make one

I think only mods can do that

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck2wul/is_there_a_chance_for_wharton_upenn/
Salam everyone, hope you're well. I'm considering applying to Wharton Business School this time. It's been a dream of mine since high school graduation, but I didn't feel competitive enough before, even after taking a gap year to strengthen my profile, ended up not appliying at all. Now, I'm thinking of applying for undergrad at Wharton again. I feel more confident about my profile (at least better than it was a year ago), and I still have around 7-8 months to further strengthen it. Do you think I stand a chance? I'd appreciate advice from those who have been accepted/ waitlisted from top 20 schools or Ivy Leagues, or who know people personally who have. I'll be starting my undergrad this year at my country's one of most esteemed business school (IBA), because I can't afford another unpredictable college journey delay (iba bcz it provides the degree that most aligns with my goals). But even if I start here, I'll officially join by mid-August. Even if I don't make it this year, that won't be a problem as I'll do anything to graduate from Wharton (and ultimately working on profile this year would improve my profile for grads). My SAT score in March was 1310, but I plan to retake it if I have a chance (or should I consider going test-optional instead of spending another 1-2 months on SAT preparation). Thanks for your response!

Profile 2023

**Volunteering**
1. Fundraising with the United Nations (2 weeks).
2. Founder of a fundraising initiative for deserving kids facing financial constraints, leading a team of approximately 29 members (3 years).
3. Volunteering at a local hospital (3 years).

**Internships (Marketing-Oriented)**
1. Red Bull Internship (2 weeks).
2. TATA Internship (2 weeks).
3. Psychology Internship (1 month) - Conducted seminars on mental health and suicide awareness.

**Major-Oriented Additional Courses**
Completed approximately 9 courses from institutions like Wharton (UPENN), UN, Cambridge, Meta, and Google.

**Minor ECs (Extracurriculars)**
1. School Student Council President.
2. Introduced and founded the Urdu (national language) Symposium Club (school).
3. Award: "Post of the Year" (school).
4. Sports Week House Captain for 2 years.
5. School football team captain.
6. Award for the best book review (school).
7. Taught junior classes throughout high school.
8. Founder of an outstanding and proactive club (280+ members) focusing on studies.
9. Member of the International Youth Club + YEE Business Community.


**GPA and Ranking**
- GPA: 89%, Ranking: 1/32 (9th &amp; 10th grade)
- GPA: 81%, Ranking: 2/33 (11th-12th grade)



**Profile 2024**


1. Two more volunteer projects with the United Nations (aiming for 3-5 more by year-end).
2. Completed courses and specializations: Google 6-month specialization (marketing-related), Stanford AI &amp; Yale Leadership course.
3. Applied and accepted for an internship with PEPSICO.
4. Planning to take one of my projects to national/international levels. Pretty Optimistic about this endeavor.
5. Applied for many international competitions (hoping to win around 2-5 by year-end). 



i recommend not going test optional bec they use the standardized test scores to see academic potential and will prefer someone with a higher SAT score
Sis issue is for a 1500 (sat score i would need 3/4 months practice if I don't make for Wharton doing all this which i guess most probably I won't with this profile in such an extreme competitive time then sat score will be useless) beside that if i work on a passion project instid using same afford i guess that would be better. Like even if i wont make ,(90% chances being int are i won't the way i see currently), then again I'll be kinda pro in the Major i plan to choose (by pro i mean being at least some body in major) btw thanks for your suggestion :) may you'll be able achievement what ever you want! Good luck 
I would not advise that for international students unless they are unable to improve their sat score before the admission deadlines. Just my opinion.
I can empathize, buddy. Stanford has been my dream school for as long as I can remember, and I've been willing to go to great lengths to make it happen. Initially, I took a gap year, doubting whether my profile was competitive enough. However, I hesitated to apply afterward, still feeling unprepared. Now, here I am, on my second gap year, gearing up to apply in this upcoming cycle (fingers crossed for Stanford!). But let me tell you, relying solely on gap years to bolster your application isn't always the best strategy, not even in the eyes of the admissions committee. Yet, there's this one student I heard of who was relentless about Harvard. They applied, got rejected, took another shot after a gap year, faced rejection again, and repeated the cycle until they finally snagged acceptance. It's a hilarious anecdote, not a blueprint for success. Over time, though, I've come to realize that attending your dream school isn't the only path to a successful career. Sure, it can offer advantages, but it's not a prerequisite. Pursue what you want, but be mindful of what you might have to sacrifice. If Stanford doesn't work out after these two gap years, it won't be the end of the world for me. I might consider applying for graduate programs there, or perhaps not—either way, it's okay. Attending elite institutions is a privilege, not an obligation.
Would you be attending any university during this time or would you be solely focused on Profile building
I was on profile building.




The main issue for me is that I only learned about this path after high school graduation. I belong to one of the most underprivileged areas of Pakistan, Gilgit, and I can't fully convey what I've been through. But after graduation, I worked hard. Within a year, I developed a decent profile—it's the most I could achieve realistically in a year. Personally, I urge you to join a university in Pakistan. If you're interested in computer science, aim for the best computer sciences university in Pakistan. Similarly, if business is your goal, seek out the degree that suits you, like accounting and finance. Taking a gap year was a great move as you explored outstanding opportunities. This is something only the most courageous people can do. Looking back at my gap year, I always feel proud of myself. Comparing who I am now to who I was in high school fills me with pride—I've grown into a different person with a vision. The same can happen for you. Recognize that you are capable of great things. I don't want you to experience unnecessary trauma or hardship. Moreover, competition is fierce. If you, like me, are not economically privileged, even middle-class fees can be daunting. To make it to a school like Stanford  needing significant financial aid, the competition is intense. Therefore, I strongly recommend attending a university in Pakistan. This journey is challenging, and even exceptional students face slim odds. My profile isn't exceptional either, given my late exposure to IVY's, EC's, and SATs after 12th grade. Even if your profile is conventional, avoid taking a gap year please, please , please sis. Enroll in a university and, like me, apply for your in first year of uni.
Hey, i got waitlisted at rice and a few top LACs so i know some details on how admissions work. To be completely honest its almost impossible to get into Wharton for undergraduate from Pakistan. I dont want to demotivate you but your ECs are lacking and you dont have any international level awards. There are much better applicants who have 1550+ SAT and a perfect GPA and international level awards but still get rejected from Wharton. My advice would be to go to IBA and get a good GPA. Then apply to Wharton for masters because you would have a much higher chance to get accepted for masters than undergraduate
Thanks mate for the realistic advice. I'll do that. I know the chances of making it are very slim, especially considering awards and GPAs. Though I'll give it a try this time. Even if I don't make it (which is most likely), it wouldn't be that bad since I'll already be enrolled in a university.
consider appying to penn cas instead of wharton and try to internally transfer to wharton
Hey, I applied to US this year but received a lot of rejections (NYU and Colby waitlist and 3-4 acceptances but not enough scholarship/aid.) despite having a 1530 SAT, 7A*s 2As in Olevels, 3as in Alevels, a good transcript, good ecas and essays. If you’re an intl requiring aid, it’s a war out there. Bonus points if you want to pursue CS (i did). I wouldn’t stop you from applying rather encourage you. No matter what anyone says I’ve seen underqualified people get into top schools and overqualified get rejected. There are a million factors which play into this so there’s no point in chance me’s. However, this is life. You won’t get another chance to apply and if you don’t, you’ll be stuck with what ifs. So get a application fee waiver,  write bomb essays (you can contact me for help), and go for it. Don’t expect anything and forget you applied as soon as you finish. If you don’t get in, you can always try again for your masters. Another advice would be to explore need blind rather than need aware colleges (has its own disadvantages like way too competitive ik). Also i don’t think u should go test optional esp bec many schools are reinstating the SAT.
Brother, thanks for the advice. Actually, my profile, especially my scores (i.e., 9/10/11/12), are way below average. The sad part is I can do nothing about them, as I didn't know back then that these scores would play a role in the future. However, I can improve my SAT score to 1500+ if I dedicate 2/3 months to studying (since SAT isn't really easy, you know). Despite achieving this score, my overall profile won't be competitive enough for Wharton, even with the extracurriculars (though they aren't that bad, they still aren't impressive enough for the college I'll apply to). Therefore, I'll go for the test-optional route (it costs nothing besides writing an application and some essays) so that I won't regret this later by saying 'I wish I had applied,' like before, but now I won't. Even if I don't make it this time, there's a 96-98% chance that I won't. Again, the work I'll be doing this time to build my profile will pay off for grades at Wharton (even in essays for grad school). I'll just be rolling a hundred-sided dice 🎲 and leaving 2/3% chances to luck. Not making it to Wharton won't have a bad impact, as this time I'll already be enrolled in a college in Pakistan. Thanks for the suggestions again, boss! May the Almighty ease our paths.
Simple answer: No
did u apply for aid? if yes then the chances are further lower
Yes I'll apply for full aid brother 
then chances are very very low consider safeties or other t20s also always good to shoot ur shot.
Yes bro even for t20's it is going to be really difficult therfor I'll be joining iba this time in pak. But just apply for wharton alone and leave 2-3% chances of making it on lucky thanks (as working on profile + writing essays this time would ultimately help me for grads school) neither this will be considered as a gap year. So yeah this is what i plan to do thanks for suggestion may Almighty ease our paths
You could try applying to UPENN. 

Here's my two cents. You are an international student and the dynamics of international students getting accepted to prestigious US colleges are very ambiguous and challenging. Not helping your situation is UPENN being a need aware institute and your financial health playing a role in your acceptance. Ofc most Pakistanis will have to apply for need-based aid to study in such a college. Unfortunately that'll hurdle your chances too unless you can afford it (highly unlikely). Your credentials are great when compared to many Pakistani students but UPENN might expect more. Maybe if you were living in USA then you might have been accepted by an ivy league college. The selection criteria is very selective for international students. They say the process is holistic but it's clearly biased. In the past, people like our todays politicians and think tank babay got accepted to ivy leagues or other prestigious unis cus that was a different time. Even 5-10 years ago was a different time. Today, it's way more difficult to get accepted by ivy leagues or any top100 uni. Heck getting accepted to local unis is now very challenging. The essays do play a key role so give it time and make sure to get it reviewed by someone who understands the Ivy college admission process before submitting. Also please remember that you are doing everything and giving your best for this so never be harsh on yourself even if you fail.
Thanks brother for advice. I'll go for the test-optional route (it costs nothing besides writing an application and some essays) so that I won't regret this later by saying 'I wish I had applied,' like before, but now I won't. Even if I don't make it this time, there's a 96-98% chance that I won't. Again, the work I'll be doing this time to build my profile will pay off for grades at Wharton (even in essays for grad school). I'll just be rolling a hundred-sided dice 🎲 and leaving 2/3% chances to luck. Not making it to Wharton won't have a bad impact, as this time I'll already be enrolled in a college in Pakistan. Thanks for the suggestions again, boss! May the Almighty ease our paths.
Ameen and good choice. Wishing you the best of luck.
Please remember, the sole reason for sharing this 'chance me' post here is that most Pakistanis who applied previously for the US end up joining LUMS &amp; IBA (bcz of high need or other problems). Curious to know their views. Thanks!"

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ck0ge1/what_is_the_makeup_of_the_student_body_at_lums/
I have recently got an offer and am interested to know more about the students at LUMS. Do most come from privileged backgrounds? Is there a significant population of former overseas pakistanis?
It's a really diverse university with people from all backgrounds and classes, including many overseas Pakistani sudents as well. So, it's easy to find people you click with. The LUMS community is super supportive—a place where you can truly be yourself.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjzbl8/graduate_acceptance/
Has anyone yet received an acceptance from graduate school? (I applied to MSCS)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjyt2y/anyone_got_acceptance_from_sahsol_lums/

yes
When?
21 april
How did you get sahsol title under your name
Community tags.
Where can I find them
If you are on mobile. Go to the subreddit feed and on top you will see three dots. Click on them and you will see an option called user flairs. From that you can choose your tag.
Thanks alot
O/A Level background?
Yup, 25th April
Creds, if you don mind?
Nope, waiting.
Creds?
March 1280. 
90.7% in Matric, 
84% in 1st year 
6 Awards and Honors with 4 some international awards. 
11 ECA's 
Good PS 
What are my chances for LAW at LUMS?
That’s really good. Inshaallah you’ll get in!
Insha'Allah, thnx
Yes, 19th April
How many seats in sahsol?
100 SAHSOL, has the least seats as compared to other schools😭😭
☠️☠️☠️

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjvwcc/help/
There is a option signed offer letter returned?what dies it mean?are we suppose to send our signed conditional offer letter to LUMS?
Just upload it and wait. It'll update in some time
Nope,it will update soon

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjvuoy/next_round/
does anyone have any idea when the next wave will come for admissions. I personally think after 8 may maybe? 
Welcome to The Garrison Pub, what can we get you started on for this round? The Irish whiskey is our top pick
Aaye (Spits in the pan right next to me). 2 a thoose and a lil somein extra for my comrade right here.
Are you saying that because of the fee deadlines of some students?
yes? ughh this is so stressful
Could be possible
It is stressful indeed. Im glad Im on a gap year because if I was giving exams right now I wouldnt be able to meet their conditions
but Im not and this is added pressure
Good luck 😔
relax. you can’t predict lums admission office at all. focus on your cies and leave the rest to Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjv90d/chances_of_admission/
Chances for LUMS SDSB or MGHSS?

 Matric: 95%

 As level: 2A 1B

 SAT: 1200

 ECAs: software house job, freelancing
SBSD impossible because it doesn't exist
No offence but 1200 ke saath toh SBSD mein he ho sakta😭😭

Dw dw bro umeed rakho or dua kero
that person meant to say that its SDSB not SBSD
No he didnt
i was replying to the comment that came in reply to your comment, i know what you meant to say
Apologies
I applied in MGHSS in Polsci. I have 8A* in olevels, 86% in FSC but my LCAT didn't go well because I didn't take math in FSC and LCAT was like 50 percent. Do I have any chance of getting in or should I take it as a rejection? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjhui6/anyone_who_got_into_hss_as_their_second_pref_are/
title. i applied first pref and still haven't gotten an acceptance. not to sound selfish but it hurts to see people who don't even wanna go get in 😭 
us
bro when everyone's first preference would be SDSB or SSE what do you expect then? it makes them even more competitive but don't worry many students get their acceptance from their second preference school first and then in the second or third cycle from their first preference school and vice versa, so keep hope alive.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjfyyf/lat/
GUYS LAT has been delayed by the government most probably till first week of june. Lums ki deadline is 31st May. Everyone who is yet to give LAT plssssss email lums and ask to extend deadline coz obviously they kept the deadline keeping in mind lat would be held in may. Each and every one of u who has yet to give LAT email them coz only if more ppl would raise concerns they'll change their policy
Don't worry, they don't even look at LAT while deciding your admission, the only requirement is to pass it.

One of my friend already got his acceptance but he is yet to take LAT. So just chill out LUMS knows what's going on
Was sahsol their first preference?
Yes
Hi, where did you get to know this? I mean is there some notification or something? Please share!! 
hec at their portal changed the apply deadline to 20th may which means the next possible date for lat is 2nd june

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjfgss/can_teachers_see_your_creds/
Just wanted to ask wether the staff at lums can see your application and grades or is it just a select number of people who have access to it, and if so can they provide info to outsiders as to wether someone is accepted or not?
Bump
Admission office sees creds.
but does any other member of staff whose not in admissions have access to that info?
I wouldn't think so no. Unless they have personal connection.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjeplj/lat/
I wanted to ask if LUMS will accept the Law Admission Test scores if HEC has postponed the exam to most likely June 2nd. LUMS initially set May 31st as the deadline, but with the new date for the exam, will they still allow us to submit those scores for admissions?
They hv postponed?!?
Yes
Don't worry LUMS don't even look at your LAT(obviously you have to pass it at least), and sometimes they even give you admission and ask to submit LAT later.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cjeh31/masters_admission/
Anyone here who got into SOE? 
Bump
Have masters applicants started receiving decisions?
Not here.
Not yet
They’ll be out starting from june end.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cja9xs/no_batch_today/
The pattern was every 4th day and today is that day but nothing so far
the suspense is killing me
Bhai bata do if I'm in or not Kiya masla hai
Somebody broke the matrix
focus on your cies admission ko Allah ke haathon me chor do. hona hua ho jayega
When was the last time they sent the acceptances in batch?
Dawg it’s a Sunday.
Maybe
I dunno. I saw a thread which said someone got an  email but when I tried to find said thread again I was unsuccessful so leaves me to believe k aaj kuch ziyada hoa nahi or people just didn't post about it.
The person who posted this deleted the post probably cause they were lying?
Maybe. If he was lying the nope not a single person I know or on reddit yet jis ka admission hoa ho
😊👍🥲
Bros😿

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cja9i5/hey_got_into_humanities_and_social_sciences/

No
😭😭 no choice at all?
Last year hand book it stated that those in socio stream can't opt for econ stream. Dunno if that still holds true.
Did y get admission today?
No a few weeks ago
Creds? And you got in today?
LCAT, 7A* 1A 1C (Urdu). a*bb in a levels. gap year and a lot of internships including one at MNCs
Did you get in? I have a similar profile as yours
Nope, losing hope day by day
Sameeee
ur major is undeclared for 2 years in the humanities school. u can choose whatever u want

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cja2g0/acceptances_or_rejections_today/
Anybody get an acceptance or a rejection today?
Maybe

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj8dpy/is_lums_really_worth_it/
Assalamualaikum everyone!

I hope you're all doing well. I could really use some guidance here. So, here's the situation: I've been accepted to LUMS (SDSB). Initially, I didn't apply for financial aid because I saw the fee structure online, and it seemed barely affordable for us. Unfortunately, my father faced a loss in business, but luckily he is doing job. Furthermore, when I received my fee voucher, I found out they've increased the fee by almost 13%. Managing such expenses has become even more challenging for us. However, my father really wants me to pursue education at LUMS. Now, I'm torn between whether LUMS is truly worth the 18 lac per year or if I should opt for CA, which would cost me just 6 lac in total. Honestly, I don't want to consider any other options. But 18 lac a year is simply too much for us to afford.
Lums sdsb is 18 Lacs per year?
Go for IBA/nust/lse. And then later get an MBA lums which will cost v less and open up all the options for you. I'd advice you to opt for a technical degree and later on go for an MBA LUMS so you'll be fit for the job market.
MBA is not cheap, it's 17-18 lac annually aswell. It'll still come to 35-40 lac for 2 years.
40 lac for mba? 😶 Bruh. And then job of 80k? Degree Kai paisai Break even krtai krtai 10 15 Saal lagjaengai.
Tbh, you're placed really well from the people I know. Some girl was a teacher at sargodha then did an MBA and got a job at mckinsey for 350k. But I'd doubt you'd get anything less than 150k and you shouldn't settle for less aswell.
350k/month in pak, woah.. need money to make money eh? 🥺
Yes sir, you also indirectly defined capitalism.
I think if you look up prospects of Lums MBA, they had a detailed reports on the outcomes of their graduates.
For females it's 50 percent off
what?
Yes, 50% off for girls in LUMS
yep, but its for graduate programs
these business schools are good but they nowhere come closer to the prestige of SDSB :)
The fees will increase every year, by almost same percentage. Not worth the amount of money, better to go to nust or iba instead
firstly, idk if you're misguided or what, but the fee of SDSB is 1.35 million in total not 18 lac lmao, secondly, you should better know if it's worth it or not, studying at SDSB is a privilege, not a necessity.
It is 18lac now mate, They haven’t updated the website yet but afaik they sent emails to current students already and the fees for 24/25 year in 18lac

And their fees increases almost every year now “bcz of inflation” as well
Yeah but fee contains around 2 lakh of admission and security that is a one time fee so around 13-14 lakhs (as tuition and semester registration is 6.5 lakhs)… I don’t know if it’s a little less of a burden but yeah not 18…. 
But surely it will increase by 5-10% each year in the name of inflation…
Hey I was in a similar situation 4 years ago applied for financial aid but didn't get any. Family struggled a lot to pay for my education but I'm graduating now and got a really nice job just because of Lums. I would also say the experience is worth it you get to make a network you have a lot of fun too. Job prospect wise you can still do pretty well maybe even better if you opt for CA but the Lums degree will definitely give you a huge boost after 4 years. Really depends on your preferences if you would like to go to Lums just for the career prospects and not because you want the university experience then I would suggest maybe not that worth it. If you plan on doing a masters abroad I would say Lums is worth it.
Bro, only go if you financial aid or else go for CA.
Go for IBA if you can. That’s about 10 lakh a year or less.
Honestly speaking, don’t waste your money on Lums. I got into KU leuven back when i was applying for bachelors, but unfortunately I couldn’t afford the move and my dad was totally against it. Thought of applying to lums back then, opened the application portal and thought i am not wasting money here. Got into IBA, didn’t want to go to karachi. Ended up going the place i thought i would never go to, LSE. For the first 3 months, i was mentally telling myself i deserve better, but now since Ive graduated, I believe it was the perfect place. Easier to get a high cgpa, and that means that it will be easier for you to get admitted into universities abroad (i got admitted into universities for masters i never thought i was smart enough for). Much much more affordable than LUMS, has a good job market aswell. Yea the campus is smaller than expected (ngl it’s better to have a smaller campus since you can reach anywhere in 2 steps), the teachers are great, you’ll meet all sorts of people from different backgrounds, low and high achievers, and it is a bit more strict, but trust me they make a person out of you. Thought i’d be honest to compliment a university that is thought of being something what it is not
Are you working now? Like job? Also what unis did you get masters acceptance from
Yeap, working now remotely for a company is US.
Earning well alhamdullillah compared to what you get in the pakistani market. Got accepted for masters in germany, goethe frankfurt, TUB berlin (appointment issues from pakistan so couldn't go). Got accepted in all the universities i applied for in UK, but am going to NOVA SBE in portugal bc i got a 100% scholarship. UK is damn too expensive even after getting a scholarship.
Forget USA it was wayyy out of my budget. The thing is that all these international universities look at your cgpa, and personal statement. I literally got 6As in olvls, and 3Bs in alvls. Ig my sat score was 1230 or 1330 I don’t even remember bc it doesn’t even matter. What matters is that i’m happy for who and where i am today, and hope it stays that way.
Honestly dont go to LSE maybe inke time pe achi ho but rn its a kanjar khana, they give admission to everyone with a pulse. Try iba, nust etc keep lse as a last resort

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj85up/lums_alumnicurrent_students_your_review_needed/
[https://nayadaur.tv/26-Nov-2019/i-felt-alienated-at-lums-because-of-my-non-elite-background](https://nayadaur.tv/26-Nov-2019/i-felt-alienated-at-lums-because-of-my-non-elite-background)

Written by a former Lums student, the article revolves around the Lums culture being damaged by the socio-economic background of 'elite' and 'non-elite' classes studying there. The writer argues that students on financial aid and those on self-finance live in two wholly parallel worlds. He continues to say that it is not just about finance, it is about two contrasting 'lifestyles' that are not finding ways to connect and remove the 'barriers' of social inequality.  
Though Lums is unparalleled in academics, what do you people think about the student culture of Lums? Do such toxicities exist in Lums? I mean exceptions are always there and such things are easy to imagine in our society, does the overall culture of Lums have anything to do with what the above piece of writing says?
this is not about lums but wherever you go, your gathering will be with people just like you since they are the one’s with most common traits, hobbies, lifestyle as yours. It’s ok if at lums you are not able to settle with students with different mentality and the classism which exists at lums is more of natural thing in my opinion rather than someone being considered inferior or superior.
kinda agree with you, like personally i may be more comfortable with someone who has similar lifestyle, hobbies, and mentality than someone who is different to me. But one thing for sure is wrong and that is looking down on people based on there backgrounds. I think our differences are a great oppurtunity to learn from eachother and then use the knowledge to grow.
I mean this happens everywhere. Isn't lums specific.
In many places, including LUMS, there's a noticeable gap between rich and middle-class people. LUMS, like universities worldwide, has students from diverse backgrounds, including the wealthiest 1% of Pakistan and those on financial aid. It's a place where you can easily find like-minded individuals. The community at LUMS is friendly and accepting. People there are supportive and non-judgmental, creating a safe environment where you can truly be yourself. However, this supportive atmosphere can sometimes make students feel sheltered from the realities outside of campus.
I think everyone has different experiences. Iam not from a financially stable background and all of my friends are flithy rich, but all are amazing none of them are the vaders type and are very humble never flex their money, always got me. Parhay likhay log hain as one would and they act parhay likhay

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj6h3y/what_was_the_last_date_to_submit_lat_for_law/

U hv to give lat before 31st May...I also hv to give in May
Yes i think it will be held on 26 may but wont the result come out after 31 may?
I think lums says that you have to give it before 31st not submit
What were your creds?
3A* 3As 2 B in olevels A*A B expected in alevels as im giving composite and gave lcat and extra curriculars  were good too
Wow, those are great, congratulations!
20 may is the deadline for applyinh and prolly 2 june for test

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj5yh2/acceptance/
Did the new batch of acceptances arrive yet? Anyone received yesterday Thursday???
My acceptance has arrived but got it before yesterday.
could u pls share your creds
O-Levels: 6A\* 2A  
Sat: 1480  
As: 2a 2b  
had decent extracurriculars I guess. Applied to SBASSE.
Dont think so

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj5w90/transfer/
Salam.

  
Is a transfer possible from UET To LUMS?
Yes, its possible, visit the link below to learn more about the transfer application process.  
[https://admission.lums.edu.pk/programmes/transfer](https://admission.lums.edu.pk/programmes/transfer)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cj0azk/does_lums_let_you_change_your_majors/
i applied in management sciences, sdsb in LUMS under pressure from parents and got accepted but i'm not very happy with it. I really wanted to do Bio-Tech and wanted to go to the science school for LUMS but i don't know what to do now, does LUMS consider changing schools? Payment deadline is 8th May, I only have 6 days, do they extend it? What do i do? I want to apply to NUST but my parents aren't really agreeing to it, what should I do? 
you can apply for a transfer at the end of your first year, however there’s no guarantee you’ll get it. transferring to the science school from any school is the toughest thing because it’s highly competitive. you’ll need 3.9+ gpa at the end of your first year and you’ll have to take a few summer semesters to catch up with the courses you will miss during your first year. i know a senior who transferred from sdsb to sse so it is definitely possible, but really difficult.
is there an option to like keep bio as my minor and continue studying in sdsb with the alr selected major, does that increase the cost of my studies like the fee, do you know how it works?
yes you can do a biology minor and no it will not increase your fee. how a minor works is that you take around 6 courses from the discipline you want to minor  in (the course requirements for minors are given in the student handbook). you are already required to take courses from other schools as part of your graduation requirement so you can take the courses required for the biology minor.
There are slightly chances if you have written science school as a second preference otherwise no.
you can switch your major after meeting certain criteria at the end of your freshmen/sophomore year, but switching to SSE is the hardest among all since it's very competitive and you need to maintain a certain high GPA in your freshmen year ( 3.5 or above prolly) and you might be required to take some courses in calculus and algebra ( which could be harder for those with no background in mathematics) and number seats left also play a role as a deciding factor.
to get into bio? from sdsb, should not be a big problem
just get a decent gpa, talk to the right people for guidance
Why do you wanna go to nust
i dunno, less expensive than lums ig
If you can afford it I would say go for lums but honestly both are fine. Depends on your goal and exposure
changing schools is possible if you have 3.3+ GPA in Lums
where’d u get this info
LUMS Student handbook i believe

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ciu05s/chances_for_sahsol/
really getting panicky here and would love some advice!

- 3.8 GPA (did american diploma system, so no O’s or A’s)
- 1350 SAT
- just barely passed the LAT
- 3 AP scores of 5 
- good(?) extracurricular stuff, including working at a prestigious firm as an intern during a heavily publicised case
- good LORs

thank you in advance!!
Easy acceptance
thank you!!
I have one day to study for my lat coz it's right between my caies.....any tips?
It's an ez pz exam just don't stress out you will surely pass it
Thanks
honestly mine only got screwed up because i marked the bubble sheet wrong 😭 like, if the answer for 1 was A, i marked in the bubble for question 2. idk what happened but the exam itself isn’t really hard. it’s got some english grammar, basic urdu, a little pak studies and islamiyat if i remember correctly
So like how did u prepare for it?  Coz I looked up online and questions were like what's the height of leaning tower of pisa? And who is the captain cool of cricket
honestly i just looked at past papers, that’s your best bet. the general knowledge section WAS ass especially since idk much about cricket
ur in, got in w similar sat score
thank you!!! the SAT score was what was really worrying me so this is really reassuring. how were your extracurriculars and LAT?
hadd around 20 ecs, ranging from diff sports achievements (regional+state lvl), debating and muns, 2 law firm internships and 3 community work related. Have to give LAT on 26 May

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ciphyz/is_ms_from_lums_worth_it/
Hello guys, 
So here's my story, I recently did my bba from a not so famous university in Peshawar, after I did my bachelors, my dream was going to Canada and completing my degree over there. Unfortunaly, I knew that my family couldn't afford to send me abroad like the rest of my friends, so I started earning, I started freelancing and it's been around 10 months since I started and Alhamdulilah I have made around 27 Lacs, I realized that I shouldn't wait for Canada, and to go to Canada I need atleast 1 caror or maybe even more considering the current economic situation. I just want to know if masters or ms from lums is worth it since I have a good gpa and enough savings to do my masters. Should I go for supply chain ? If not, are there any other good fields ?? Please help me out here since I'm confused.
Why canada? Why not EU? Why not a funded masters?
There’s funded masters? I am a bachelors seeking student but I’ve always heard masters is something that’s barely financed so this is news to me.
Some universities in the US offer partial or full tuition waiver to Masters students employed as Research or Teaching Assistants along with a stipend. Lots of people I know from pakistani universities have done their bachelor’s here and gone for Masters there.

The key is to secure a TA or RA position by contacting professors when you get the admit.
If you have the opportunity to go outside I'd highly recommend it over lums. 

I think the main benefits you will get from studying in lums is networking and your soft skills. Also keep in mind that there are no more full time MS programs in lums anymore just the weekend programs so if you're hoping to get "on campus experience' you should forget about it. And the executive programs are also hybrid which means that you will have one weekend online classes, one week on campus classes and one week off.
Thanks buddy 
I think that's great tbh, since this will allow me to focus on my online job, so I can study and earn at the same time.
Is your job related to the supply chain? I wouldn't recommend MS from lums UNLESS you are already working a corporate job which you are not.
Bro honestly if you are earning good money through freelancing whatever service’s i would suggest stay in pak and scale your services and build agency than invest wherever u want, if you have good amount like even 4k usd per month through your agency literally its way better how things are abroad where you will barely survive on this much. So choose wisely cause no matter where you are everyone just needs wealth.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cilau1/lums_nop/
Hey everyone, I have a quick question

I'm in 1st yr currently and I applied for LUMS NOP Scholarship. I have a middle class background while my parents might be able to pay the LUMS fee but it would be very hand to mouth not adding the hostel and the other expenditures. I told everything truthfully in the application and submitted the correct docs. Do u guys think I stand a chance?
Honestly, it's really hard to just say if you'd get your NOP scholarship or not. There are a lot of things that go into it. A lot of people strategically fill out their application to show particular assets that favour their position in getting the NOP. Basically you have to prove through your papers that you are in need of that 100% waiver. Even if you get past that 1st round of screening, there are next rounds like on campus living, on campus classes etc. Lums screen students like that every round to choose a fraction of the total students at the end.
 It's not a one stop process, it's hectic and you have to stick through it all to get the NOP at the end. So here's your answer, you cannot really tell at this point whether you'll get the NOP or not.
thanksss &lt;3

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cijgvt/graduate_admission_decisions/
Does anyone know when the graduate admission decisions start rolling out and is an interview mandatory for them?
they've already started rolling out slowly and will continue to be rolled out till end of june. interviews are not gonna be conducted
Can I ask how you're so sure of the process and timeline? The website says admission decisions are rolled out till the end of July, and from what I got to know, interviews are also conducted
yes its till end of July, but the interviews are not conducted, theres no statement from lums about this but afaik from all my friends whive been accepted, they havent been given a date, the lums schedule of admission doeant have a date for an interview, and my brother's friends who are in lums didnt give an interview
Thanks for letting me know!
I had my bachelors from LUMS myself and they don’t conduct interviews for that, and the admissions are offered throughout the few months but in graduate programs I think interviews are mandatory from all the universities I’ve applied at and I don’t think anyone who applied for the graduate program has gotten their decision yet
we're talking masters not undergrad.interview are mandatory for grad
Interviews will be conducted for a number of applicants.

For example, if there's a CS graduate who's applied for MS AI and his CGPA, LGAT, SSE test scores are good, they won't need an interview 

But if there's an econ grad who's applied for MS AI/CS with a low sse test score but good credentials, they might call him to further assess his capabilities.

That's what I've heard on LUMS youtube podcast
Hey, do you have any info about them calling for graduate interviews yet? Have the candidates been shortlisted already? Do they inform about 'rejecting' the application too? I've applied for Mphil ELM. 
Some schools do conduct interviews
Yeah I wanted to get a timeline because I might be inducted into other universities and wanted to know if I should wait on LUMS or not
Which school?
SDSB
Programme?
Applied for MBA and MS Entrepreneurship and Innovation
[removed]
[removed]
Check out these lums podcasts as they provide sufficient information about everything from ideal student profile to admission requirements

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cifx26/acceptances_thursdayfriday_batch/
With the trend of LUMS… aaj and kl mein acceptances aani chahhaein iss batch ki. Anyone received em yet?
From what i have noticed, acceptances come every 4th day, 21st then 25th then 29th, so we can expect next batch tomorrow on 3rd

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cibvv0/anyone_with_good_credentials_but_didnt_get/
Is there anyone who had good grades and SAT/LCAT but didn't receive decision yet, if yes kindly tell your credentials and which school you have applied.
I got 6 Astars and 3 As with 1460 SAT. Had some very good activities including publishing a research paper and participating in SIMOC math Singapore competition. I applied to SSE in math but have'nt gotten any decision
😔😔😔

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ciaxgo/acceptances/
have any of you received an acceptance today? Asking cuz thursday was being expected as the release day of second batch.
Someone said it's every 4 days and so far that's been true. I dont know if they'll follow that again but if we go by that pattern you should expect it around 6-7pm tomorrow

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ci9xy1/acceptences/
Any idea,next batch kab release hoga?Thursday(today) or Friday?
I think your best bet is to see idhar loog apni rejection aur acceptance kab dalte hain. By that we'll know when the second batch has started.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ci7fdn/decisions/
Bhai i dont understand whats the deal with this random system.. It just makes me frustrated, they almost have similar app system as US's except for this Aug-July decisions bullshit.. like itna critical time period hai sabko admissions lene hai agar lums reject kardy to banda kahi or focus kary but nahi inhe latka kar rakhna hai

Ik we can still focus elsewhere lekin dmaag to yahi laga hua bhaee and its also unfair some ppl getting decisions early and some very late ...
[removed]
exactly, their system is so fkin weird
EXACTLY FINNALYYY SOMEONE WROTE THIS YAI BOHAT BAD SCENE HAI ADMISSIONS AISE BHEJNA. 31ST JULY TAK WAIT KARTE REHE AJEEB AK DATE PAI RELEASE KARTE DECISIIONS TOU BANDE DECIDE KARSKHE KAI LUMS KAI ILAWA KIA OPTIONS
exactly.. wese apas ki baat hai inhone ne agar portal par ads lagaye hoty to acha revenue ajata jitny logins kary hain humne
as my professor once said, “such is life”
nice adam zaman reference
okae
its their admission criteria and it has always been like this so can't complain 🤷‍♀️  
and babe you might want to have backup options anyway
lums us considered harvard of pakistan so if you apply to harvard, would you be thinking about ohio wesleyan and other shit unis? nahi na 
backup rakhne ki energy anxiety main zaya horhi
i can feel you bruh but if not LUMS then what? that's my point, if Harvard didn't accept you, then won't you consider ohio wesleyan or other unis? （￣︶￣）↗　
this is a stupid argument cause even if u apply to Harvard u still apply to safety schools
yea man but the fact that they can release decision at any possible moment is jus crazy
HEAVYYY
h

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chxjxe/sse/
Do ppl with a 1350 SAT have a decent chance of getting in? If other credentials are good
decent chance if other creds are good, but lums is very unpredictable

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chvlya/chance_me_plzz/
1260 SAT
7A
3A*
Mgss
SDSB
15 awards
6ecs 
Sports VC
Council event head
Decent essay
LOR from principal 


Mgss ez
SDSB maybe

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chu9za/chance_me/
1260 SAT 6A* 3A
14 awards
4 Ecs 
Council 
Applied in MGSS and SDSB


bhai dua kar kaal ajye dono ka mere bhe same hain
Ameen
Same credentials
IA
hss dcent chance
SDSB
low chance because of sat

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chthta/important/
I know its offtopic but if didn’t get acceptance  from lums should I consider lse or fccu fot business studies?
Better consider NUST
are u sure abt business studies
Yess
Credentials??
91%fsc 96%matric 1300 sat more than 30ECAS and more than 20 awards in football  many All Pakistan tournaments played around Pakistan first pref:sdsb second pref:hss ps:good
Your creds are good so u have chances to get in
Arent admissions for fccu closed?
My feat test was on 29 April iam confident i have cleared it
consider iba it has a great bba program
Don’t wannaa go to karachi☹️
Agar yehi nakhhre rahein ge, to kaheen ke nhi raho ge😒
Nah bro has a valid point. Why would you wanna come to karachi 💀💀
Karachi is fine bro. You just have to be vigilant 24/7, dont go out at night on a walk, dont sit anywhere in the open, dont go to outdoor restaurants, dont park your car outside.

Heres a bigger list: 

1. Be aware of your surroundings at all times.
2. Avoid displaying valuables openly.
3. Stay in well-lit and populated areas, especially at night.
4. Keep your belongings secure and close to you.
5. Trust your instincts and avoid risky situations.
6. Use reputable transportation services.
7. Don't flaunt large amounts of cash.
8. Keep important documents and valuables in a safe place.
9. Be cautious when sharing personal information with strangers.

Furthermore IBA main campus is inside karachi university which will have political groups fighting so dont even think about leaving the campus unless your classes are over.

This is all, people saying karachi is dangerous are just exaggerating ☺️☺️
Such a small list. You're absolutely right. Karachi is a safe haven
ah understandable 😭
Shutcho bitch ass up
Halo Halo Halo Halo.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chsyaa/ms_admissions/
Hello, I hope everyone is doing well. I want to know, how many days it takesto receive an email from the institute after deadlines? I am asking about graduate's admissions.

Thank you.
First few days of august
What was the deadline to apply in your case?
March
But according to secdule, commencement of classes would be in Aug.
Well, for all grad admissions, the results are to be released after 31st July .. says so on their website .. I got mine on 1st Augustst last year.
Bump. Let me know if you find some info

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chsoke/help/
Im planning on applying to IBA during R2 through interview and also LUMS through SAT. My score on the SAT is 1300. I plan on giving the interview for IBA. I heard that you need to also have extra-curiculars to pass the interview. I completed my education till matric from the US and currently in my second year of FA in Pakistan. I was part of my schools cooking club in 9th and 10th grade. I was also part of school's G STEAM Magnet Club. I also played volleyball as sport, during 10th grade. I have also helped out at a lot of after school events. I belong to a small city in Pakistan and we don't have any extra-curriculars at my college, so I haven't done any extra-curricular activities in Pakistan. Also should i take reccomendation letters from my teachers in the US to the interview? I am also currently helping my dad run a small poultry farm. Does this count as a extra-curricular activity? Also this might be a dumb question, but do i have better chances of getting into IBA or LUMS because i am an overseas pakistani (USA)? Or do they give all students the same treatment? PLEASE LET ME KNOW.

Edit: BS Accounting and Finance
When is the last date to apply and when is interview?
IBA or LUMS?
IBA...
June 21 is the last day. It is also mentioned on their website's homepage
Bro if you matriculation from US, you can use those ECA's easily.
LUMS deadline has already passed and now the only option left is IBA, i think you can get into IBA given your SAT descent for IBA and if your interview goes well you will have a higher chance.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chmk0z/what_is_the_student_job_situation_like_in_lums/
are there any available , what are the woking hours and how much do they pay 
i've heard there are jobs that might be available in junior or senior year prolly

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chgco5/helppp/
I have 92.18 percent in metric (6A\*s and 2As in O levels) and 87.36 % in FSc (1A 2Bs in A levels).  
27 ACT (i.e 1260 SAT score 87th percentile). 8-9 ECAs. PS was okish ig.  
I've applied to sdsb and sbasse which I think was my mistake and I should've applied to hss and sahsol but I had no idea abt lums and the admission process. Do I have ANY chance of getting into LUMS? :(  
reply I'll pray for ur admission (salo reply kardo)
Dont go to LUMS just for the sake of going to LUMS, pursue something (the major) you're passionate about. With the first pref being SDSB, ig you're interested in buisness related majors, so that even if you dont get into LUMS (Inshallah you'll get in), you still pursue something you'de passionate about at another institute.
praying for ur admission :D
Thankyou, i'll apply next year:)
so you basically have no desired major? jus wanna get in? either in sahsol or sse?
yes ig
quite peculiar
I mean most people won't say this publicly, but many people apply to LUMS just because it has a name and a respected name, which is not wrong. (again, not saying that people don't apply because of their passion, in fact a good amount do). So what I'm trying to say Is that many people want to just get into LUMS no matter what, and however they get there, and see what happens next. All in all LUMS LUMS hai.
Trueee people apply to lums just because its lums(majority)
thats the dumbest shi i have ever heard.. even if these kind of wannabe ppl exists, they are not deserving for the seat in particular department whereas a passionate candidate about that field is deserving
Dude. What I'm trying to say is that since LUMS has a very respectful image anyone would want to get in. And I didn't say all of the people do this (a fair amount do). Plus you may have seen people getting into their 2nd preferences instead of their 1st even when they don't want to. One, cuz there might be an opportunity to change it later and second, who wouldn't want to study in the country's best institution. I mean obv anyone applying would have some personal interests

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1chdd0h/did_any1_get_into_sse_w_a_sat_score_less_than_1400/

Yup a friend got in with 1360 SAT. He had 92% fsc and 98% matric. An internship (CS related), some other ECAs and some local awards
saw many 1350-1390s ones
Damn, iv got a 1390 tho I got into hss my second pref hope I get a revised offer
What were your O/A level grades
4A* 5A in O levels
2a 2b in AS
my friend with 1290 SAT got into SSE
hey, what were his or her other creds??
he played U16 CWC for pakistan

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ch7gbo/mphil/
Any idea when do we start getting acceptances for the LGAT? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ch5urn/american_uni_of_sharjah_or_lums/
Which one should I choose 
Should I study abroad or in Pakistan 
A friend of mine studies in Sharjah university doing architecture. I think it's a good university and you can also get a scholarship I think but living expenses could be a lot since it will be very different from Pakistan

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgyjrl/can_anybody_tell_me_about_this/
I am from karachi not that strong financially i am 16 want to be a mathematician /theoretical physicsicst. I am in college first yr at the moment how can i apply to lums and other universties abroad? .what can i do to increase my chance of admission ?
Applications from LUMS will start at the end of the year. For increasing chances in LUMS, study well. Plus get high score in SAT. Also participated in extracurricular activities and events and try to get some awards.
how much percentage will i need in my intermiadate can u tell me ?
90+
Y do you want to be a theoretical physicist? Y do you think lums is the best place to b one?
well i love the subject its my passion i love both mathematics and theoretical physics i also have been to universities to meet some professors they told me about lums proffessor babar qureshi. he told me to look up the process he too is a theoretical physicist
Babar qureshi with his wifa Shabana Nisar (both physicists) teach at IBA nowadays, try to go and meet them maybe.
ya i did meet him i have attented his lectures as well at iba  but i couldnt attend much bcz of college stuff
Btw which universities did you go to, and who did you talk to?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgxppb/fakeee/
Fake rejections are out. They will be rolling here and there, don't panic. 
Your SUBMITTED tab will turn into ACCEPTED Insha'Allah 🤍🥀


Imagine if that guy got an actual rejection. Suddenly you look plain delusional 💀

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgvxup/chance_me_please_fellas/
O levels 3A\*s 5As 2Bs. A Levels ABCC, applied through LCAT. LAT score 71. School preferences 1 SAHSOL 2. SDSB. Great ECAs mostly Brand Ambassadorships (international). Headboyships Badminton Nationals player cricket Regional level, multiple awards in MUNs (mostly BDs). 3 internships.  good PS. Still awaiting acceptance. Prayers for all!
for the acceptances that have come so far for sahsol id say &gt;60% chances inshallah hojaye ga dw but still we know as much you know so hope for the best
your absolutely right mate, hopefully we will get what's best for us, wby acceptance yet?
Inshallah. No, still waiting :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgvsn8/lums_hostel/
Hello everyone ! Recently i recieved my acceptance offer but got to know that i had mistakenly opted for no for on campus accomodation during admissin application . So is there a way to get hostel accomodation from lums , it states that i could apply from zambeel after i recieve my LUMS id so does any body know when will we get it and what are the chances of getting a hostel based on this ?
are you a resident of Lahore?  
and yes you can apply for accommodation via zambeel and I think zambeel accounts would be inaugurated during the O week prolly
Im from karachi

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgte37/lgat_results_interview/
Does anyone know when the interview calls for Master's candidates start rolling in?? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgt91y/sat_help/
Can anyone pls guide i have 1310 SAT score i want to score 1500+ resources and guidance please
i have all the resources that i used to get a 1500 sat score if you need em hmu i can also tell you the strategy that i used to get this score
DM me, I will send you resources.
Khan academy has a great SAT course for free

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgshtv/please_dont_lose_focus/
Congratulations to all of you who got their offers and Good luck to those who are still to get them but please please dont lose sight of ur cies. I cannot even begun to tell you how many of my friends failed to meet the conditional offer. Last year lums allowed you to give oct/nov soley cause grading was unfair and every other university became linient with their requirements. It was a one time thing. decision ati rhay gi study for ur cies
[removed]
Chup kar loru aur parhai kar
1) Such is life

2) There will be more than enough meeting the condition so lums doesnt really care, apka admission hai khud parwa kero uski. hence why the wait-list exists

3) Honestly if you cant get 70 % in ur A lvls lums ma academically survive kerna is next to impossible

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgs0ge/_/
I think no more than 300 candidates have got their acceptances. 
What about you???

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cgs0ge)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgrn0t/are_rejections_possible_at_this_stage/
Has anyone received one yet?
no and ik this bc w my application theyd reject me first💀💀
Lmao
NO
yes my friend got rejected but had bad grades that is why
Even bad grades ones also get rejection late ig.
A friend got rejected. Idk about his creds or anything
Ig no
https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/s/Be7CgKXVS4

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgq898/lums_scholarship/
Is there a chance of getting scholarship in the second batch, which I have heard usually comes around Mid-May? Or all the ranking and scholarships are done in the first batch?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgpbbk/very_few_people_got_accepted_yesterday_right/

yes
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgow6l/a_levels/
I have 4 Alevels now. Im in my AS year. (Allah na kary), if I did really badly in one (B or C grade), will they ignore it and look at my best 3?
they'll look at your best 3
Are u sure? I heard they took an average of 4?
Yes, they take best three
Thankyou, im so relieved now lol
They will take best 3, thats it
Are you sure? Thankyou!
Just check the website for surety
ppl literally are getting in with B's in AS all the time
I know , but my olvls are 💩, and i wont do to good on the sat cuz im not good at math

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgmo8s/equivalence/
The conditions in the acceptance letter say we have to submit our olevel equivlaence to lums by 30th may. Do we have to send scanned copy of it via email or what?
Also big congratulations to everyone who got accepted and everyone who is waiting for their decisions - best of luckk. 
Yes you have to send a scanned copy of it via email to the office of admissions.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgmmu3/financial_aid_scene/
Hey there! Submitted that lengthy financial aid form. Idk how often lums gives aid, but I believe a handful no of students get fin aid. I've made sure everything is transparent and open to them. I read on the website lums financial aid team visits the house, happy to welcome them, lol. Anyways, like, with genuine savings after the expenditures, my fam contribution per year in the range of affordability falls in mid 200k range (don't judge). Fee at science school is around 1500k. Keeping fingers crossed, what is avg aid they give to someone with fam contribution similar to mine? any leads? 

Also, another thing that is bothering my mind is the grade requirement of a-levels "average of bbc". Like what is the range of grades that fall as average of BBC? I had 2As &amp; 2Bs in  AS Level
If I'm not wrong the BBC grades are for A Levels combined. So if you got an A in AS in a subject and even get a C in A2 in that same subject, your combined average grade will probably be a B (Depends on thresholds).
It appears to me that you're misguided, 40% of the student body or 1/3 of students at LUMS receive some sort of financial aid and they have been very generous with their financial aid giving billions of funds in financial aid since its inception. so its definitely not " a handful of students get fin aid"  
Secondly, the aid package depends on your ability to pay for tuition, students get a wavier on tuition ranging from 20 to 100%, the more or less you need that would be given, other than your household income your family assets, bank statement and many more things are taken in consideration when deciding the aid package.
Any ideal about what's the average of bbc mean?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgm53q/please_chance_me_sdsb/
1* 6As 1B olevels
3 As AS and giving another composite exam this year (A in math and i’ve heard they give math importance)
1370 SAT 
13 ECs (majority are accounting and finance focused)
5 Awards 
Solid PS 

i’ve gotten into IBA but i really wanna go to lums and i’m wondering if i should just give up at this point or take a gap year and improve my sat because i know i can easily go to a 1500. i’ve heard people with lower stats have gotten in so idek at this point. pls help im panicking. 
In my opinion, If you get acceptance from IBA. You should go to IBA rather than Lums. Don't take a risk at this time. Who knows the future? Lums is very unpredictable and there is no guarantee that you will get admission into Lums if you score 1500. Otherwise, it is your personal decision.May be you can get acceptance from these stats.  Hope for best!
thank you!
sorry no chance. try iqra
sath ajao
On SAT score you have got into iba ?which dept and u applied in round 1?
yes acf in round 1
Direct entry of witg interview?
interview

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgkb1z/is_there_anything_i_can_do/
Hey guys, 

As lums only gives scholarship to the top 100 applicants, I wasn’t expecting anything bec I 100% knew it’s super competitive. Now that I’ve gotten my decision, I don’t have one too but 2-3 of my friends with lower credentials than me got 50%. I’m super happy for them Masha Allah but I feel sad now. For context these are my credentials:

SAT: 1530 (800M 730E)
O level: 7A*s 2As
As Level: 3as 

I applied to sdsb which I understand is competitive but one of them with the same creds as me but a lower SAT got it in that as well. I don’t know what I did wrong and this thing is bugging me esp bec my family isn’t ready to pay for lums and want me to study at a cheaper uni. Is there anything I can do? I still haven’t received my package btw but I have gotten my fee challan and other docs on the portal. 

I have almost the same credentials as you but I didn’t get one either. I think it maybe has to do with the fact that you have 3 subjects in a levels.
Idk bcz I have 10A* 2A in O levels and 5A* predicted in A levels and a slightly lower SAT and still didn’t got it…
I thought they based scholarship solely on SAT….
I feel like they put more emphasis on SAT generally but you should still have exceptional O and A levels as well.
there’s probably something in their profile that made them stand out more. also i am very surprised you didn’t get it, credentials are scholarship worthy
Thanks for saying that. I’ve been feeling like it’s all in my head which is why I didn’t discuss it with anyone too.
completely valid thought. you have amazing credentials mashAllah, hope to see you in sept!
Thanks alot!
What's your equivalence with those grades ?
I haven’t gotten it made yet plus haven’t given A2 exams. For O levels, the calculator says 93.13. Predicted grades for A levels were A* A* A
It depends on the overall profile strength of the applicant. I have a 1500 SAT but I got a 50% merit scholarship. I applied to SBASSE.
Masha Allah, best of luck!
To you too.
Is it only for 1st year?
Yes.
Honestly, with your credentials, you definitely deserve a scholarship but I guess it has something to do with your application. How were your ecas? Were they inline with the programme you applied for? Cuz your score, your grades it’s all just there. You must be one of the top 30 applying in SDSB in terms of academic records, perhaps your PS or ECAS had to do something. That’s just an assumption btw your grades are extraordinary. I’m sure you’re gonna score a scholarship for the 2nd year. Consider this just a one time thing and work for getting one next year cuz even those who won one, got it only for this year. 
I feel like that could be a problem. My ecas were good but they were mostly aligned with CS. I didn’t fulfill the subject requirement so they didn’t consider my application for SSE and directly went to my second preference. As for PS, it was also about CS. I thought that they would overlook the subject requirement thing since people told me they evaluate on a case to case basis but lums emailed me saying they won’t consider it. I wish I could’ve known and altered my application according to SDSB. Anyways, thank you for your comforting words.
If you didn't receive one, it likely means you didn't qualify academically to be among the top 100 students.
But I personally know people with lesser SAT and O/A levels than me got it.
brother, when we talk about LUMS, it's not just about the O/A level grades and the SAT score. Academic awards, honors, and other distinctions and traits are always considered. So, it's not just about the numbers; they look at the whole package.
Yes, everyone that I have mentioned didn’t have any significant awards/honors which could set the apart. I was able to personally make sure bec they’re my friends.
you definitely deserved one! lums is just so unpredictable they never expose their judgement criteria. i got one with a 1490 sat score but maybe they found my other creds good. everybody told me you need at least a score of 1550 to be considered for it. for now, you can convince them to pay for the first year and grind karke you can get it for later years
Congratulations! I’m trying to convince them but knowing where my family stands financially too, I don’t want to put that much of a burden on them. Best of luck to you though!
Thanks! I can understand. and yes lums fee is not justified at all. you can get better education at any institute w a lot less fee

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgfwsm/got_in/
Alhamdulillah Accepted at SSE. 
Mubarak ho.When? Yesterday? Cred?
Bohat pehle, I guess jab first batch of admissions were announced. 9A* in Olevels
Okkkk.Mash Allah
What was your sat and other creds ?
1510, and Great ECs.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgeup8/is_it_possible/
Can we compare the study standards of SDSB with HBS (Harvard School of Business) in any aspect? I know we can't compare their social lives, but just curious about curriculum.   
And is it true that LUMS is Harvard of Pakistan or just a exaggeration? 
Lums cs is nearly designed as cornell's .. lums do provide the best in Pakistan but you simply cant compare a 40k worth degree with a 350-400k woth of HBS
ofc u cant compare Harvard with LUMS. When people say LUMS is the Harvard of Pakistan they mean that LUMS is the best in Pakistan, just like Harvard is the best in the WORLD. no comparison, Harvard is Harvard.
Ur mistaken the best universty in the world id the university of oxford.
should’ve said Harvard is one of the best lol sorry my mistake
its MIT lmao
In my view, SDSB appears to take cues from Harvard Business School, striving to provide a comparable level of education and exposure to its students. However, it's essential to acknowledge that Harvard operates on an entirely different scale. With an academic endowment of approximately 50 billion USD annually, the experience at Harvard, along with institutions like Stanford and Wharton, is unparalleled. While SDSB is undoubtedly among the top business schools in Asia, it's crucial to recognize the distinction in resources and opportunities available between SDSB and Harvard.
Why does this read like it's AI generated?
i myself is AI, what did you expect?🤡
My cousin had ditto curriculum as MIT for EE so it's highly likely that SDSB has some similarities as HBS
your cousin went to MIT dangg
Ghamidi sir, why u need a business degree? Isn't ur YT religious channel working fine? Much respect!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgd9dh/im_late_is_this_the_end/
My SAT(March) score was sent a bit later than the given deadline. Is this the reason that LUMS haven’t seen my profile? 😭What should I do ? Help plz 
no don’t worry , the decisions come in till late july and early aug so u hv got a fair chance. also they review all the applicants before they stop sending in the decisions.
Thnks
what was your score?
1280
which school?
SDSB
do you mean sending it through college board?
Yes
easy scene hai, i sent it 2 weeks after the application submission deadline, doesn’t affect your admission because they verify it after you get admitted
[deleted]

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cgam58/sahsol/
Anyone who got accepted into SAHSOL or anyone already in; Have you felt this sort of cliche about SAHSOL? Or is it an attitude towards a law degree in general? 
What’s SAHSOL like? The study, the vibe, the life, the atmosphere etc…….?
What I've heard is that it's the first law school in Pakistan to introduce a 5-year LLB program, and later on, other schools adopted it as well. It's also the only law school in Pakistan that meets international standards and has a great reputation abroad.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg6whk/super_sat_score_need_help/
Hello i wanted to ask someone ,if iba/nust considers super score SAT that is if i have score more in eng in dec sat and more in maths in march SAT and they consider highest score from from both to evaluate .
I am not sure if this ture
Someone plz guide
No they don't accept superscore of SAT. You can just send your highest one sitting SAT.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg6wa7/international_students_acceptances/
Has anyone who applied as an international student/overseas pakistani received an admission offer yet? 


From what ive heard they send the acceptances to the intl students together in one batch so just checking if anyone else had recieved it? 

Ps. Upvote so more people can share 
I believe they send for international and overseas students both at same time. I applied as overseas and haven't received anything yet
Bhai how did u apply as overseas. I am also an overseas student but mujhe to aese koi overseas application ka nahin pata i mean was there a different section for overseas?? Plus mein ne to lcat bhi likha tha so will that make me local or overseas. I have done my schooling and college both from Oman, matric and inter sab Oman se kiya hai
Jab school ka address and name diya hoga toh wahan se pata chal jata hai ke u applying as an overseas pakistani
okey okey school ka name and address to both overseas hi hain. fine then
I am an overseas Pakistani and haven't received one yet. My friend who is also an overseas Pakistan HAS received an offer for a BSc. in Management Science.
I am overseas Pakistani and didn't receive my decision. Applied to chemical engineering
Wait i am also an overseas Pakistani but i didnt apply anything like this specific overseas Pakistani. How did u guys apply like that plus mein ne to lcat bhi likha tha so will that make me a local applicant or will i be considered overseas student and another question do overseas students have to pay more fees??
Did u specifically go to pakistan for lcat?


There wasnt any specific place to show that ure an overseas pakistani but from your address and all n the fact ure not giving lcat or any lums specific test shows ure an overseas/intl candidate


Either that or having an intl passport
i was in Pakistan during the lcat so yess i did give lcat but my school and all is abroad, in residence i remember i mentioned my Pakistan home address, so now i will be considered as overseas or local and i had given SAT scores too, lcat i gave to be on a safe side
As an international student, I guess the fee will be much higher. It is better to apply as local student if one can.
Bro i checked on their website and they have 1 fees specified and its the same for local n overseas afaik
Applications from both international and domestic students are evaluated together. decisions are made collectively, meaning that both international and domestic students receive notifications simultaneously.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg5jjn/were_there_few_acceptance_in_the_batch_of/
Didn’t hear about many people getting in from todays batch, just me?
Bro there were very few acceptances in this batch

And also as far as ive heard all the ppl accepted were the ones who gave march SAT
no all my friends who got accepted have their SATs in aug/nov
Thanks
Hello, just wondering what is the min SAT recommended for Lums accounting and finance and what would be a good Safe SAT score. Thanks
I have seen 2 to 3 people got accepted with 1310.
depends on OL grades, anyhow aim for atleast 1400

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg58wk/next_release_if_offers_thursday/
The first release came on sunday and monday 

Next was on thrusday

Then on monday again (today)

So i believe they release acceptances every 4 days so i believe next will be on thursday again
Did people other than that guy get acceptances today? Because he said he didn't check the portal and only got the mail today.
Yeah but not many most were march sat dudes
Yup exactly
itna nahi sochtay, focus on cies and leave the rest to Allah
I hope the next batch is on the 31st of July

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg4jhy/chance_with_my_creds/
&amp;#x200B;

4A star and 4A o level, 2A 1B as level  ,1310 SAT ,  ECs including managing school events, community services, sports, student council head. Around 18 ECs in total.   
schools applied: SDSB (1st preference), MGHSS ( 2nd preference).   
so i know that the acceptance is random and i am clearly ok with it but do i have a chance, should i worry? 

&amp;#x200B;
saw someone get in today with these creds to sdsb. Hojai ga
inshallah
Brother my cousin ihtashan had exact grades like  these and his Sat score was 1390  but he got rejected but personally i think this is above average.Hopefully u will get in
bhai ku anxiety de rahe hou
Rejected from both schools?
Yes last year.Maybe the competition was very high that year
bro but how ?
sdsb can’t say anything, maybe ho jaye but low chance because of the sat and the increased competitiveness. hss definitely ho jayega

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cg2585/is_this_act_score_fine/
 

Is 23 Composite fine for LUMS ?

26 in maths

24 in science

20 in English

21 in reading

and 9 in writing
Convert them in SAT score out of 1600 on online website and you'll know .

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfycsx/rant_about_lgat_28_april_lahore/
I'm not sure if everyone who appeared at yesterday's LGAT &amp; Subject test for graduate admissions had the same feelings or it's just me.

Firstly the not enough sitting arrangement in what was designated as waiting area, many students were with family even with extended families and seats were limited.

What's the point of online test registration when they have to do it again in manner how sarkari offices operate in Pakistan. Long lines almost not fans (forget about ACs) under the tent they were doing this.

Exam halls brought back horrors of Fsc boards. To add salt to injury, they took test on bubble sheets. Who does that now?

Fixed timing on each section attempts, about 35 minutes were given for each of three sections of LGAT, and we were not allowed to move to another section even if we had done the first one quickly. 

During Subject test, the invigilators forced everyone to sit at their seats long after almost everyone in hall was done with their test, even board exams didn't have this shit rule. Its 2 hr long i was done in 50 smth minutes and had to sit entirety of remaining duration doing nothing.
Very smooth process in Karachi. It was held at a very nice 4-star hotel. I agree that the process of registration was kinda weird but it didn't take much time and ample of place for everyone to sit/wait (hotel lobby was designated for it).

As far as section times are concerned, i think it's fair. That's the international practice, all competitive exams are taken this way. So, kinda good for LUMS for adopting these standards.

I don't know much about the subject tests thou, so can't say anything. But the LGAT was fair tbh.
I didn't have any issue with each section being timed. But they could have allowed them to move to other sections if the student completes one with time remaining. GRE allows it. 

4 star Hotel sounds very nice.

Any idea about results? When will they announce
They don't announce the results. If you passed, you will probably be called for an interview.

Fair on allowing to move on but it was a paper based test, whereas GRE is computerized so it's often difficult to keep track of all candidates.
How big was the crowd in Karachi?
Not much. 89 in total.
[removed]
Yes. All other issues were bearable to some extent, but this late start wasn't. At least for me. I left home at 615 and reached the centre at 40. Only to wait in non-existent waiting area for 1 hour, then another 1 hr 30 minutes in exam hall.
&gt;Fixed timing on each section attempts, about 35 minutes were given for each of three sections of LGAT, and we were not allowed to move to another section even if we had done the first one quickly.

The only issue I had was this. The rest was expected in this exam hall. It's always been like this
I feel like the difficulty level was okay but the 35 mins per section was stupid. The test shouldnt have been made into sections. It should have been a test for 1 hour 45 minutes . Do as you please . It added unecessary pressure.
I expected a lot better from LUMS. 

the furniture itself was painful, it was hot, the mic announcements kept breaking concentration. The LGAT test was alright, but the SBASSE test I did not do as well as i'd have liked to lol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfwy8d/acceptances/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cfwy8d)
What's the situation?
bro disregarded law school 💀

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfwr5j/hey_everyone_im_really_worried_about_my_admission/

no one knows whether you get in or not, i would suggest don't get delusional with these chance me posts and comments, keep backup options
96% in fsc💀 Itne pr to top bhi nhi hua tha is saal
Bro my first year marks are inclusive with corona but 2nd year without corona and in 2nd year I got 478 AlhamduliLLAH

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfv6r5/need_help_business_master_pls/
I gave got 90%in fsc 1310 in SAT and took 2 gap years( sadly) i am deadly interested to persue a career in business as i always wanted to build a pharmaa company , i have applied to sdsd but no any response yet , i will apply for iba roubd 2 also 'in case if i wont be able to get in either of them ,what should i do? Need suggestions help 

or should i retake june SAT to get 1400+ which will be quite challenging for me to get directly into iba
i think to secure your admission at IBA you can consider taking the SAT again to get a higher score
I am not sure even if i retake i could get 1400+ becuz it was my SAT 2nd attempt -with this SAT score i do qualify for interview -still i am confused
people are likely to get a higher SAT score in their second attempt, since you already have a decent score, with just a little bit more effort you can definitely get a 1400+ score. btw i have all the resources that i used for my SAT prep if you need em hmu  
and the highest score would be considered for admission so you don't need to worry about it
Thanks for that can u please dm me the resources , i am trying text u inperson  but page is not responding 
i have texted you
Why don't you try other business schools? LSE ans NBS are really good if you're in Punjab.
For Karachi, i would suggest IoBM and KSBL as second choice.
Thank u for that ,but i am not sure about lse merit criteria ,if u have any idea
Could i make it to there with this SAT score?
Their admissions are currently open, you can check their website for more information

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cft5tm/deadline/
whats the deadline of accepting the conditional offer
The same as your fee voucher
8th may for me

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfstdc/do_i_have_to_post_the_signed_acceptance_letter/

You may call admissions office.
scanned copy
Scanned copy 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfs4a8/cgpa/
Hey. What cgpa is required for acceptance in MS? If i have good academic record from school and college, is a cpga of about 3.4 good to get accepted in SSE for ms? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfr0ld/transfer/
I know this is a subreddit of LUMS but still I wanted to ask that what is the procedure, requirements and eligibility criteria for the transfer to FCCU from another university.What are credits and courses accepted?
FCCU doesn't have its own sub?
It has but no response till now
You only need money to pay the semester fees and they will keep you.
What about the credits and all? The courses?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfj1oz/aisec_lums/
How can i join aisec I really admire their work please guide me !

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfhunj/admissions_result/
Did anyone with LCAT got in yet?

&amp;#x200B;
no
yes
Can u tell the stats
my friend got in with 97% matric and 93% fsc part 1
Seen plenty of people getting in with LCAT, i gave the sat though

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfheoc/internship/
Suggest good places where I can intern 



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfg0rs/lgat/
How did everyone's LGAT go for MBA ? 
Took LGAT but not for MBA. I think I scored 70+/82. What about you? I'm not sure if 70 is a good score.
English and analytical went great. Maths section was okayish? Not too good.
Maths and analytical was good. English was a bit rubbish like first 1_7/8 questions of paragraph. 
Hey check inbox
When will we have the interview calls for MBA?
Le me know if you find some info.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cff3ua/last_date/
Does lums extend there last date to submit the money? 

you can email the finance office and request an extension

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfencj/help_a_desi_nerd_out_how_to_score_a_fully_funded/
Hey fellow internet dwellers,

So, here's the deal: I'm a proud Pakistani with a knack for software engineering, rocking a solid 3.65 CGPA, and I'm itching to dive into the mesmerizing world of data science or artificial intelligence. But wait, there's a plot twist—I'm broke! Yup, my wallet's screaming for mercy.

Now, I've heard whispers in the wind about these magical things called fully funded scholarships lurking in the depths of Europe. But how does one summon them?
I'm genuinely curious: What's the secret sauce to snagging one of these elusive scholarships? 
If you've been through this whirlwind of scholarship hunting or have some insider tips, please spill the tea (or chai, in my case).

Help a desi nerd out, and let's turn this dream into a reality!

Thanks a bunch,
Your Fellow Struggling Scholar from Pakistan




By your word selection you seem to be a poet rather than a software engineer 💀💀
print("Trust me, I'm a Software engineer")
You forgot the terminator. ( im studying c++)
Used python here.
ChatGPT ka kamaal
My personal observations.

Be research oriented. Fully funded scholarships are only available for programs that are research intensive. 

Instead of applying to programs directly through a university, contact the professors whose research interests allign with yours. They usually have the means to secure funding for their students. 

Join facebook groups (there are many). The students or graduates are usually very helpful. Atleast they point out the professors/programs which may be suitable for you.

Its alot like applying for a PhD but you do find masters program as well that work like a PhD.
Step one: get a stellar GRE/GMAT score
Step 2: set some RA experience/get 1-2 papers published &amp; then get personalised letters from authors
Step 3: get three yrs work experience
What the hell is this chatgpt ahh post
Ai generated ass post

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfcrr6/is_econ_undergrad_degree_from_nust_worth_it_as/
I applied for Economics as my major in Lums, but didn't get the acceptance yet! So incase I  don't get in I gave NET and scored 148 in first attempt, so is Nust’s undergraduate degree in Economics worth it? If anyone knows kindly help me in deciding it up!!!!
i definitely think you should go for lums, the life, people, connections, faculty, almost everything is better than nust
[deleted]
Did you get into Lums?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cfck8c/till_when_does_the_waitlst_go_on_for/
I have 1a\*5a's 3B's with a very good profile but i messed up my LCAT maths very badly and i wanted to know how long do people who get waitlisted wait for and how dy find out youve been waitlisted
you’ll find out on your portal
Lums tells you and it can go on till August. Know someone whose acceptance came just before classes started

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf9tc9/chance_me/
Ik a lot of the acceptances have been pretty high up but is there even a slight chance i might get in, maybe towards the end? 

1A\* 3A 4B in olevels

 1A 2B in alevels 

1310 sat score (march sat) 

Applied for sahsol and hss(socio) 

Strong p.s (law orientated as first option)

 17-18 ecas (a few were good and the rest i just added everything like hobbies and courses)
Same...applied to sahsol but nothing yet...I think there hv been very few acceptances for law school yet
Ikrr i can't even get myself to leave the portal alone. I hope you get your acceptance soon!!
Sameee......whenever I'm not studying I'm either on Reddit or on the portal it's Soo nerve wracking but iA will get in......I hope we get our acceptances soon....best of luck!
I GET UU. InshaAllah we'll both get our acceptances. Keep me updated &lt;3
IA....u too
Ez IA. My friend got in with 1200 SAT this year into Law, 85% fsc, 90% matric, one or two local awards and an eca(went for scouting)
Just the right kinda hope i needed. Thanks a lot 😭
I have almost identical stats and have applied for SBASSE.

Honestly I don't have much hope :(
I hope you get in!!!
A bunch of these 1500 students and distinction holders have applied to other foreign unis as well and for them lums is a safe zone uni 
As soon as they drop their acceptance it'll come rolling back to the lower merit ones. I'm just hoping we scrape by and get the acceptance 🤞

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf9gva/do_anyone_has_sample_essay_for_lums_financial_aid/

It should be short and must elaborate your reason for applying to the Financial Aid. It's not like a personal statement.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf9d78/chance_me/
O levels = 4A\* 2A 2B 

A levels = A\* (gave composite), A B (AS level) 1320 SAT

 Chance for sdsb or hss econ?
good chance for hss (depends on ecs and ps) baki sdsb ka liya dua karo.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf8ayr/nust_or_lse/
If i don't get into LUMS should i consider NBS(nust business school) or LSE. {Or should i just go for CA} PLS HELP
Bruhh I can literally write whole paragraphs here on why NBS is even better than Iba n Lums in a lot of things and you're talking about LSE? 

Just start following the facebook or linkedin of NBS, you will get to know what they're actually upto...

Or u can just dm me i'll send u the contacts of current NBS students they'll tell u much better about it.

But yeah if you're from Lahore and dont wanna move out, then u can consider LSE... but its definitely not the better option though. (cuz even if we ignore all the other points, just the level of exposure and campus life that NUST provides outclasses LSE by miles.)
So I have enough marks to get into bba in nust but people are saying nbs is just not good enough and I should try for iba (I missed by 3 mcqs in round 1) so hopefully I get in this time. 
You seem to have extensive knowledge on the topic, eo considering both cities (living either place dosent matter for me as I will be in hostel in both cities and I have lived in Karachi and Pindi before) which degree provides more value? I calculated iba entire degree will cost me double or even more than that compared to nust. My family is financially stable and nust won't be a problem but iba will be a little stretch (my parents still say it won't be a problem and I should do what is best). Kindly guide.
As a short answer to ur question, NBS definitely provides better value for money and ROI than Iba or Lums.

But that being said, always remember that at the end of the day it all depends upon the individual, and ur success will ONLY be based upon what you're putting in to make yourself standout from the rest of ur peers. Unis will only provide u opportunities to enter the corporate or business world, but to grab them and succeed in them, will all be up to your efforts.

Now if we go into the details of the cost-benefit analysis of both the degrees, then as u've already found out urself, NBS is obv better cuz there you'll be paying less and getting much more from them in return.. at NUST, acc to stats, 44% of the student body is on financial aids, but they don't publicise this as much as other private unis do, because NUST focuses more on "providing" its students instead of "taking" from them.
Not to mention that they're also more lenient with giving aids and they probably don't re-evaluate student's financial situation every year for the aid as well, once u get it then you'll have it for the rest of ur degree...  

So as a business student, I believe keeping the cost-benefit analysis in mind is pretty important before making any decisions. Now u can ask yourself what benefits would IBA provide u that NBS wont? and then compare them with the extra cost that you'd be paying and then u can ask urself the question, is it worth all that extra money? 

Well, the only benefit of IBA that I can think of right now is that, it will definitely provide u way more and better opportunities of work in Karachi as their alumni network is massive there, but then on Isb/Rwp side, the alumni network of NBS is obviously stronger. So u can make a decision based on where u wanna work or live in future. (If you wanna go abroad, then NUST would be a much better option due to its massive international alumni network and recognition, and well, also its exchange programs are better.)

As far as the job opportunities in Pakistan are concerned, well no one can tell how the market would look like after 4-5 years and how much ur degree and uni's name would worth by then, but if u talk about the current scenario, then no matter what ur institution is, the general starting salaries of BBA/ACF grads range from 50-120k based on their portfolios and obviously the company.

Now calculate this yourself, how long will it take you to finally start making some profit after getting ur degree based on the current salary scenario as obv the fees of unis will also inflate with passing years. Bcz no matter whoever is paying for ur degree, either you yourself, or ur parents/guardian/family/loan/anyone... u should always consider it as a debt on urself that you should be able to pay it off as soon as possible after graduating. (The ideal time should be in less than 2 years)

And if you're gonna start ur own business, then obviously, the more money/savings you'll have in hand after getting ur degree, the better... for this, u should look which uni provides a better platform for entrepreneurship and startups... (Acc to me NUST is the best for this in Pak, because of their NSTP and Hatch8 programme.)

Also not to forget the "Networking" element. As it is the most important thing in the field of business, the more diversified and bigger in terms of student body the uni would be, the stronger would be the networking opportunities obviously. For a good startup for example, u need people from all disciplines like CS, Engineers, Finance, Media/Marketing etc.. even Medicine, if the startup is healthcare related.

After evaluating all these factors, I think you will be able to pretty easily answer all ur questions urself...! 

My suggestion to you would be to pick the best value for money option that you can find, which costs lesser and has more room for opportunities and future career prospects. 
Aisi university dhoondo jahan tum do kam aur unse lo zyada.. just like IITs in India for example, jahan almost sb students free me prhte hain but mostly wahan se apna career lifetime ke liye settle krke graduate hote hain.
I really appreciate this in depth and detailed answer. And I'm sure NBS is the way to go ahead. Once again thank you so much.
I'm glad to be of help! And also if you want further insights about NBS, feel free to dm me, I can share contacts of current NBS students with you. As I believe they might be able to provide a much clearer view of things to you that can help u further in formulating a decision.
Much appreciated. Dropping you a dm.
bump
If youre from Lahore go for LSE
Why though ive heard NUST in the next few years would be considered better than LUMS
I've recently dropped out of NBS. Nust doesn't really focus on their business school. Most of their budget is set aside for SEECS and other engineering schools. Infact most of the professors in NBS left last year and there's a big gap
Oh. What are you doing now?(After dropping out)
 But you know i heard NUST is looking to get the AACSB accreditation and if they do they'll be number 1 in the country?
Firstly, disregard rumors. Currently, SDSB is the only school in Pakistan with the prestigious AACSB international accreditation. If any other Pakistani university were to attain this esteemed accreditation, it would most likely be IBA or perhaps LSE. NUST Business School does not rank among these institutions, and NUST primarily focuses on engineering. Even if NUST were to achieve this accreditation, it wouldn't necessarily propel them to the forefront of the field. These established business schools are far ahead of NBS, and I don't foresee NBS reaching their level of excellence anytime soon in the future.
But their degrees are not good. They don’t even offer CS
I assumed we're talking about business. NBS is a business school.
Yes but still. They are famous for their economics degree
UCP 😬
Nust ya lum krni job he ha 🤣
NBS is better than LSE, but choosing between NBS and CA is difficult decision, assuming you want to pursue ACF in NBS, i would say NBS, the problem with CA is that it is too long and by the time you use 3-4 years of your life and find that it is way too hard, you wont have anything to fall back on, you could still go for CA after your degree, i dont know whether an ACF degree from NBS exempts modules of CA( something ik LUMS does) but still you could first complete your degree and then if it seems appropiate to go for CA. another thing that after your degree is complete, you can find a job outside of Pak (check more on this, NBS could have lower value to outside companies) you could apply abroad for masters while CA is only applicable to some regional countries and maybe middle east. 

It is better to talk someone who is CA, or a degree holder or maybe one of your accounting teachers.
IBA is better than both of them
But Karachi 😞😞
Ajao boss karachi ain't that bad
Yaar but i like my sardia ap logou ka June July he khatam nai hota
Wdym khatam nahi hota 😭
looool
LSE seems to be a more viable option
Why though ive heard NUST in the next few years would be considered better than LUMS
you can dream of having a beachfront mansion in southern cali, you can dream of having a Bugatti Chiron, you can dream of becoming the president of the world super-power and there's actually no limit.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf5pfx/chance_me/
I have 2 a star 4 a and 1 b and 1320 Sat with ABB and still didn't get offer good ps but mid ecas . Can I get in sse.
mushkil hai for sse. you need 8 o level subjects minimum to apply to lums anyway
He might be applying from abroad, you need minimum 5 subjects for that. I applied with 6 subjects from abroad.
ho sakta hai , ni that case i'd still say its a bit trickky for sse
I have 30 ACT Composite score and 34 ACT STEM score, 5A* 1B O levels, 3A in AS, and also MUN and another event. What are my chances for chemical engineering?
6A*s1A 1B O levels 1250 sat 84 fsc? What are my chances for hss??
SAT on low end
Even for hss??
Yes.
Hmm but as I have Straight A*s do I stand a chance
Yeah. Are you applying for econ or socio stream?
Someone I know got in with 1240 79 fsc 94 matric, I hope I get in too😭
Econ
i  think okay for hss. i applied with a similar sat score and your grades are far better than mine, but that was 3 years ago.
Do rmr me in your prayers, I've heard ke dusron ki duaa ziada lagti hai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf572h/o_levels_equivalence/
Could someone please share what the process of getting equivalence done for O Levels is? If I have to submit it to LUMS by May 30th, when's the latest I should go and apply for it by?
If you're from Islamabad you don't need to worry, it's not a long process but if anywhere else then you should go to the IBCC office asap, go tomorrow if possible because it'll take 15 working days and ibcc can be incompetent sometimes regarding doing things on time so just in case. Take your certificates, cnic, copies of both and passport sized photo.
 two weeks before...but to be  safe apply two and a half weeks before 
apply rn on their website

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf31ri/financial_aid_webinar/
To expand participation and make the webinar accessible to all, especially those who deserve it most, we (particularly Saqib webinar conductor) have decided to conduct the webinar for free. Timing will be same 9 pm , Aprail 28. Once again, thank you, Ali Saqib (50% financial aid receiver 2023) , for your cooperation and generous support. 
Zoom link to join webinar would be shared timely at group:

https://chat.whatsapp.com/ELbOWfhnqfCJgVAXk1t0ph

Please remember all those who payed for webinar will be payed back , jazakallah!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf30ub/i_know_this_is_not_related_to_lums_but/
When do admissions to FAST National University open?
End of may

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf2to6/revised_offer/
I got into MGHSS which was my second preference and not into SBASSE. Will i get a revised offer? I have 6A* 2As in Olevel and 1390 SAT. Please tell
A level grades? SBASSE is very competitive cuz Sab ko CS karna hai lol
I have to give Alevel in this may june. Predicted were 4 As
Oh sahi sahi, your AS grades?
I didn’t give AS
very few people get revised offers, or if there's any vacant seat left

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf2rlc/important/
Guys stop worrying about your acceptances they come till late July and FOCUS on your CIES please. Many people lose their admission even when accepted if you dont meet the Alevel minimum criteria.
the problem is not that they keep coming. the problem is insecurity. like are weak candidates particularly contacted later?... or is it just that our application is taking a little more time to evaluate, bc it might be extensive or smth.
nope it’s not like that. i had a 1520 SAT and got my acceptance a month and a half late
thank uuu for confirming!
I think its more probable if you have good grades you'll get your acceptance early. But ofcourse not everyone does. I might be wrong here but the average grades Ive seen in acceptances so far are very good
the acceptances around the end will have good grades too and you’ll wonder why they got accepted so late
Bro I know that Im just talking probabilities here. Average grades of those accepted seem very high right now, obviously there's outliers.
No they dont disclose any of that so assume its random and dont worry about it
Nah man. One of my friend had 1200 SAT. He got accepted into Law. Another one had 1260. He got admitted into HSS. I had a 1510 SAT. All of us got their acceptances at the same time(3 days ago)
The one with 1260? What were his credentials??
100% Facts. I know batch mates who got into LUMS later on (end of May and June) and failed to meet the criteria for the AL conditional offer mainly because they spent too much time worrying about uni apps. Your academics should be your first priority always. Don't fret over others getting in and your status being unchanged.
Did they get the option to retake in october or were there admissions revoked directly?
Only last year this option was offered, and only because Cambridge decided to act up in their grading policy. Otherwise, it has never been offered (and I do not see it happening again).
" failed to meet the criteria for the AL conditional offer" please explain which offer
I had a friend who got an offer late July, barely a month before the semester started. It's natural to freak out, but that's not something you can do much about. If you have the grades and the scores, trust yourself that you'll get an offer.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf1o0f/decision_update/
Any idea when will the next batch of decisions come? I have my A levels CIES and can't focus much cause im so stressed
Focus on cies. Many of my friends have been in this position before and regret excessively worrying. Everything will work out IA
Focus on cies. Imagine you get acceptance but fail to meet Alevel minimum criteria

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf0k82/hate_to_do_this_again_but_chance_me/
2A\* 4A 2B O level  
2B 1C A level  
1330 SAT

v good PS and 11ECs

chance for hss econ?
IA brother, let’s hope for the best, i have similar creds do let me know when u get an update
Mid chances but it's possible(saying this based on the acceptances that have come so far)
20%
dont worry unless your wali ul haq
?
banchot bas krde lit lifeless beings ana hoga to ajyga

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cf00p6/decisions_inquiry/
Guys, I am really confused if applying late (by late, I mean 1-2 days before the deadline) during the application period results in our decision arriving later as well?
bro i submitted my application after the time when they extended it for two hrs. so don't worry they are treated same. my brother is in lums he also submitted his application on last day two years ago!
Nah, I submitted my application a few hours before the deadline and got accepted on the very first day
Submitted it 3 days before. Got my acceptance, so don't think it matters as such. Mostly random.
I literally submitted a few MINUTES before the 5pm deadline :') (mera decision nahi aya abhi tak)
All applications submitted before the deadline are treated equally.
Submitted like a couple of hours before the deadline, got my acceptance on Wednesday. So no, it probably doesn’t
If you don't mind, can you please share your credentials?
nah, i submitted application form on last or second last day and have gotten my acceptance.
If you don't mind, can you please share your credentials so that I can get a general idea of the acceptances that have been coming?
dm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cewgpc/yall_how_many_students_out_of_a_total_1100_would/

1100 stud applied?? 😭 1100 are accepted usually 🤡
Gahdamnnnnn😭 aightttt
Roughly, How many students apply each year well then?
Around 10k applicants ig😭
Dk the exact number, but people from all jver Pakistan apply, so im guessing ike more than 5000 ish
Around a thousand overall get accepted. From what I know, there are 10k applicants per each school. The competition has increased a lot in the recent because the exchange rate has made it harder for students to go aboard so they aim for the best in Pakistan instead.
Its 10k overall, not per school
Did you take the sse test? More than 3000 were present only outside Lahore test centre. Imagine how many applied to SBASSE from all over Pakistan.
Bhai lcat ka dena aya hoa tha 3000 banda😭😭😭
I agree 3000 for SSE is a lot...you don't even know how much is 3000 people
its definitely 5 to 10k applicants per school, and for SSE and SDSB the applicants are even more than 10k
Bhai agar is hisaab se dekho to lums ka acceptance rate harvard ka barabar ho ga. Bhai 10k overall han
blud, in IITs and Chinese universities the acceptance rate is as low as 0.1 to 0.5% whereas at Harvard it is 4%, Harvard isn't a credible medium to guess the acceptance rate of an institution, and what I'm telling you is my experience and observation. however, no one knows what the actual acceptance rate is since LUMS doesn't disclose their admission criteria, specifically the total number of applicants.
What about SAHSOL
im not sure but i think it's less competitive than SSE and SDSB so somewhere around 5k.
around 10-15k people apply and 1300 got in last year
i guess if the accceptance rate is 20% then umm 5500 studdents must have applied.
I estimated atleast 3k  came to give SSAT for SSE only
No! 1100 will get admission. A total number of applicants will be around 5500. As Lums have an acceptance rate of 20% .
who told ya bruh?
google it . edurank calculated it from the applicants applied for lums.
we don't budge third-party sources blud
50k to 60k apply out of them just 1100 something are accepted
Bhai itnay zyada?
yup the acceptance rate is merely 2%, even more competitive than Harvard
Wait a minute! how do you calculate this?
Loll

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cerkdb/help_pls/
Which school in Lums is the most easiest to get into and afterwards can we change the school within Lums for eg MGSH TO SDSB is it possible pls help? 
Which school has the highest acceptance rate pls bata dei koi?
SAHSOL or School of Education prolly, you can visit the link below i have tried my best to explain inter-school switching at LUMS  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdbgcw/interschool\_switching\_and\_breaking\_stereotypes\_at/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web3x&amp;utm\_name=web3xcss&amp;utm\_term=1&amp;utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdbgcw/interschool_switching_and_breaking_stereotypes_at/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web3x&amp;utm_name=web3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button)
HSS is comparatively easier to get into than SDSB.....and you cant change schools afterward.
No I have asked so many people they told me that if you maintain your gpa to around 3.3 to 3.5 you can easily transfer to another school
You can
but highly unlikely
HSS and Sahsol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cepnw7/can_you_apply_to_lums_after_2_gap_years/

I got in with 2 years gap.
may i ask what was the reason that you took two gap years was your application rejected or you didnt apply prior? coz i''ll also be applying in the next intake after two gap years.
Ive applied after 2 gap years 😭- well not technically gap years if im enrolled in another uni but yea-
if you are enrolled in a uni already then its definitely not a gap year perhaps you're a transfer applicant.
Yes, I applied as transfer AND fresh
what do you mean by '' AND fresh"
I applied as fresh candidate where i told em im enrolled at this other uni but goes without saying wanna start fresh at lums , n transfer application ofc means i wanna transfer my creds- applied thru both applications.
it appears to be kinda fishy to me, anyway enjoy your time at LUMS
What about it is fishy 😭😭😭n ive not gotten in yet
so in a nutshell, if you get in you'll be starting your degree as a freshman or starting from scratch, not as a transfer applicant ( since a transfer applicant has to transfer credits and all the stuff )   
and doesn't the process for admission of transfer applicants different than the regular one?
Correct.  Last year a friend from uni applied both as fresh n as transfer,  her first pref was sdsb n 2nd hss(for both applications). In fresh decision she got into hss, she was a bit down but accepted the offer.  1 month later she got into sdsb thru transfer application.  So its like having two chances at lums, worth a shot. Process os similar tho there's an extra panel for transfer application with ' UG plan' where yiu have to give all the details for the courses youve studied n min grade.  You cannot have a grade below B to be considered for transfer. PS essays have different prompts than fresh application. Rest of the process is same.
Ahan I thought i knew a lot about LUMS, this is something that I'm hearing for the very first time.
yes, you can

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cen1j1/bs_chemistry/
GUYS HAS ANYONE GOTTEN AN ACCEPTANCE FOR CHEMISTRY 
People do study Chemistry willingly, interesting.....    *In Sheldon's voice*
First of all, why do u even want to study bs chemistry
You get acceptance based on school not major

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cem1ia/decisions/
Any idea regarding next round of decisions?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1celma5/bs_biology_lums/
Having been accepted to LUMS, I find myself at a crossroads. Initially, I was set on pursuing MBBS. My passion lies in understanding the human body and conducting research. I'm curious about the BS Biology program at LUMS. What are the potential career paths it offers? Is it a worthwhile degree to pursue? Additionally, I've heard that being a LUMS student might make it easier to pursue a master's degree abroad. Need advice.
When did you get accepted?
A week ago
Hey did u get accepted into sse plus can u pls drop ur creds
9 A*s in O levels, 3 As in As level, 1360 SAT
Hey i dmed u pls check
Go for mbbs....r u dumb enough to compare bs bio and mbbs? lol
you should go for BS Biology if you get in and if it aligns with your goals and aspirations. furthermore, it also serves as your pre-med, if you want to go into medicine in the future. many biology grads of LUMS go to medical schools in the US and UK.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cejlyq/chance_me_pls_sorry/
I hate to be that guy, but the pressure is killing my rn. So my FSc is 90, and matric is 93. My SAT is 1320, very good PS, 3-4 ECs and 3 awards. My LCAT didn't go well, but SSAT went good. What are my chances for SBASSE ChE?
yaar i'll be completely honest, this year 70%+ students applied for sbasse alone, and the threshold is REALLY high , your SAT is good but below avg , your fsc is better than most but your matric is not. IN my opinion its a 30% chance  but if you 2nd pref is hss or sahsol then its an ez in for you and you can change schools later. Lets just pray you get into sse but still its gon be hard.
Is it easier to change schools once you get it? Cuz I am of the perception that it's quite difficult to switch from any other school to SBASSE due to the sheer competition.
It isn't easy and extremely difficult and luck based.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceiyqu/email_or_portal/
Do we get an email first or does the portal get updated without email? 
I think portal paar hota hai 
portal first, then email

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cehkr5/guys_will_i_get_in_have_applied_but_no_response/

How are your ECAS?
Sai the

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceh4g9/my_stats_will_i_get_in/
7A\*s and a national distintion in my O levels

3A\*s in my A levels

1510 on the SAT

Long list of Awards and Honours

Pretty great ECS

Told them I had ADHD and that if possible I'd appreciate a separate room. Am I getting rejected because of that?




ucp is the right option for you , the tiktokers will understand your adhd.
Anything less than 1600 in Sat , you might get into iqra (emphasise on might)
No bro, agriculture university of Fasialabad for you.
Waha b mushkil hai bro, they can't admit anyone yk
Also on a gap year and applied to ssb
It’s over for you
Iqra possibly? Na hosake to phir bhee option shayad hon
Maar khani ha asy sawaal kr ke?
y
Bhai tumhare bus ki bathai nahi hai ye
separate room for what?
You having ADHD would get you refused? Impossible. I doubt they'd let you have a separate room though. For first-years it's usually three people in one room so you getting a completely separate room just doesn't sound like happening. Plus, you wanting a separate room is an issue related to housing not to admissions. 

Grades-wise, well I don't have to say anything.
a university like lums would never reject u just because u have a disability, they are quite inclusive. also the separate room is a matter of the office of residence and the office of accessibility and inclusion, not admissions. i had a 1520 SAT but got in later than others too, the process is random. you have an amazing profile mashAllah you’ll get in soon.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cegdrc/lums_discussion_forum/
I’m a moderator for LDF, graduated in 2021. Anyone who has questions regarding anything (rooms allocation, getting added to LDF, activities, facilities @ LUMS) can ask straight away!
Bhai dakhla to aane do 😭
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ajayega wo bhi
Chalein IA
People say " phelai saal sub kuch pharna hota " what do they mean by that ?
If you’re in SSE, you’ll have to study chemistry, physics, biology, maths, Islamiyat, computer science

Then only you can choose a major
What about hss and sdsb
You have study all the core courses in first year of the school you’re in
when will the hostel process start and will it be online aswell.
It will start couple of months before semester starts and will be online
Whats ldf?
lums discussion forum ig
It’s a discussion forum for any queries related to lums life
desperate guard fr
decision to ane do bhai
Just putting it here for those who has got
How do you get added to LDF?
Your oweek coach will get you added
I just realised that I had applied no for campus accommodation in my application. But due to change of circumstances I will have to reside in lums hostel.  Should I write an email to them or hostel fees is generated later?
You can do it once the process starts
what is the general note-taking way at Lums (SBASSE) ? is it digital or pen paper? This a dumb question I know but I'm looking to invest in an iPad/laptop.
A simple notebook, some students used to use iPad well
what are my chances to get financial aid? been accepted in SSE
Depends on your application, and house inspection team
are they considerably understanding of circumstances?

i applies for almost 75% aid
Whats the vegetable patch at lums and where is it?
Bruh that’s the question for lums dating forum 😭😭
Yess🤣🤣
Bhai abi tou letter k lye rou rhy han
Does the house inspection team always visit? And what questions do they ask?
Yes they do. They ask about utility bills, assets etc look at the house, cars etc
Approximately how many weeks after applying for FA do they visit?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceddqi/chance_me_forhss/
I have 5A*(star)2As 1B,Alevel transcript of A*,A,B,decent ecs.1200 sat with 650 in maths 
What are my chances of getting accepted in Mghss 
Sdsb
yaar sat score is too low, chances are not to bright, did you give lcat?
No
I got in hss with 1260
What were you olevel grades?
Matric Fsc :(
Was it your first preference?
O level 2A*’s,4A’s, 1B &amp; 1D
A level 1A and 2B
SAT 1250
Any chance?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ced9xw/chance_me_sdsbhss/

I have 5A*2A 1B,1200 sat,Alevels transcript of A*,A,B with decent ecs (mostly sports).What are my chances of getting accepted in mghss.
A friend of mine had 1260 SAT 88% fsc 97% matric. Awards and ecas were below avg. His 1st pref was Sdsb. He got into his 2nd pref hss
When did he get accepted?
2 days ago

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cecovf/financial_aid_form/
Salam everyone,
           Can anyone plzzz give me complete guideline of filling financial aid form to get maximum scholarship.
          I shall be very grateful.

Regards.
you cant particularly make them give you maximum aid, the aid is given on your ability to pay for tuition the more or less you need that would be given,  just be honest while filling your financial aid documents since they require a lot of proofs to make sure that the aid goes to students who actually need it

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceby8x/havent_seen_many_law_acceptances_has_someone/

Seen like 3-4 max, and they had 1400~ SAT with 80-90% marks
Yeah I've seen this time arround law seem to be hard to get into no low cred admissions atp  I've got 5As and 2A* in o levels and 1310 sat still waiting on my decision
You will get it.
They are law acceptances who got into it with 1250s Sat
When were the last time decision’s announced?
I don't know about last year. This round, they were two batches released so far. 21st April and then 25th
And have there been any law acceptances with March SAT?
I don't know about March sat acceptances but people will 1200s got admission. 

March SAT admissions are few. A few got them on the 25th( including me) while most are still waiting for all schools.
You got for law? Creds?
Mgshss econ

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cebtnr/chance_me_with_low_creds_sahsol/
So basically I have pretty low creds, however I have heard that SAHSOL (Law school) have lower merit. 

I have 3A, 5B, 3C in O levels (🥲)
1250 SAT score,
69/100 in LAT,
Pretty fine ECAS,
Good PS

What are my chances?

sahsol is the EASIEST to get in , dont worry you'll do just fine!
Bhai itna straightforward na kaha kro baad main agr rejection ae to bht dukh ho ga
Idk why im not seeing SAHSOL acceptances, is it because less people apply?
They do this every year, sahsol acceptance comes late
When can we expect them to come out?
I mean they give time to submit LAT till May, so most of the acceptances are after may

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceax6m/low_creds_chance_me/
100%  matric , 80% fsc , 1130 SAT. 5 ecs, good PS. applied for sdsb and hss. CHANCE ME !
Dekho your matric is pretty good and I won’t say anything about sdsb but you do have a chance for hss bus dua mangte raho.
InshAllah hojaiga, thanks tho
Low chance
hn i know im just hoping ke Allah naseeb me likhdein
Did you give lcat aswell?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ceamt0/advise/
I'll be applying to Lums for bs acf i am from Hyderabad a small town and i have done Fsc pre med..I dont have that mucb opportunities in this city i study at a small college there are almost no chances functions events for extra curriculars what should i do?
Yeah! I also have the same reason but I think in this age online work is great. Try to do online courses . Some prestigious universities and companies offer free courses you have to be active to avail the offers. Freelancing, content creation,online internships all are very good extracurriculars. You can find all these details on youtube and google. In the end, don't lose hope  and try to avail all the opportunities you have.
For lums , I think if you have very decent scores in Matric/Fsc and sat as well you may get admission in lums.
Make sure your SAT and Matric/Fsc grades are up to the mark. Ideally both 90% or above and sat 1450+ . Make your personal statement strong somehow, show genuine interest in your chosen degree. That way your extra curriculars won't matter much. Telling from personal experience.
aoa i am also from hyd and got in. u can dm me if u want to.
wow! 3hrs ago you post this an in 2 hours you got you acceptance. Congratulations!
sorry i don’t get what r u saying ?
blud, you do not need any fancy resources to show your passion and talent, you should do what's in your hands do online stuff like online courses in the field that you'll be applying, volunteering in your community, you can do fundraising for under-privileged students, do some sports, do tutoring, and there are many more thing you can do. or maybe you do not need to number of vague extra-curricular activities, find your passion and take it to the next level and it will help you stand out as a potential applicant and do try to get a higher SAT score, if you couldn't get a higher one in the first attempt give it again, with hard work and consistency you'll definitely make it to LUMS IA

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cea2tn/any_international_applicants_who_got_their_offer/
so i’m an international student in dubai doing O/A levels. still waiting on my offer. have any other international students got their offers yet? 
Nope 

I have also applied as an intl applicanr and my creds are decent but i havent received an offer
I am an overseas Pakistani. How do I find out if I applied as an international student or not?
did u give the SSE test?
No, only applied with ACT for chemical engineering.
ye so ur considered international then, i only applied with SAT and my o level grades and a level
When will international students get accepted?
i think we’re after everyone who is in pakistan
So you mean after all pakistani students fill the seats, and then if there are any left, only then they will consider us? Also if I move back to Pakistan after my A levels but before getting accepted, can i ask them to change my mailing address to receive the acceptance package in case i get accepted?
no no i’m pretty sure there’s no like difference between international and local students they treat all applications the same it’s just that we haven’t given SSE test so they might look at ours later. u can ask admission abt changing mailing address

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cea0n3/changing_of_lums_schools/
Salam everyone,
           I've got into LUMS MGSHSS BSc economics.
But this was my second preference.Truely I don't wanna do this.My first preference was Management sciences.
Can I change my school to SDSB.Or should I leave this opportunity.As I am not convinced for economics.

Regards.
From what I’ve heard changing between schools is difficult and quite rare. You could try to email Lums admissions for more info about this. 
Could I know your creds if you don’t mind.
Can I change it after one year?

Matric 97%
FSc 85%
SAT 1260
8 Ecs
6 Awards
Good PS
I’m not sure if it will be possible after one year since some of the courses between schools will differ. 
Still it’s best to ask someone at lums admissions
Changing schools is difficult and wouldn't advise. Wait for revised offer but chance might be low given SAT.
[removed]
Revised offers are hard to predict but I think you have a better chance.

Thing is that sdsb is very competitive this year. People with higher sat score were offered hss as a second preference.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ce8occ/lcat/
When do LCAT applicants would get acceptances?
got mine on April 21st
Congrats!
congrats bro ! creds pls?
Thanks!! 95% matric, 87 Fsc part-I, Good P.S, Decent ECAs
thats good ones man. SSE OR MGHSS?
SSE
They're completely random. Some Lcat ones have got their acceptance and some have not
Thanks for telling

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ce8dps/dil_dhak_dhak/
dik dhak dhak ho rha ha abhi tak ni aai acceptance
jinkey agaey ha unka dil fees dekh kar Dhak Dhak karrha ha aur apka ab only difference
Hahaha. Relatable
Same bro😣
sameeeeeee

inko ab bhej dene chahiye decisions
Thak gaye portal check ker kerkeee

Damagh suthya gaya hai checking portal 50 times in one day

Pagal hogayeeeeee
arey yeh to us hogya
clearly u arent familiar with wali ul haq

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ce8bii/sahsol/
Can anyone tell me, what is the fee structure for SAHSOL?
Acceptance to ajaye pahle

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ce64na/lums_vs_nust/
So I got into lums yesterday but I've to give net 4 in July and that would be my last attempt, but before that I have to make the fee payment for lums as the deadline is 7 may. 
I applied for hss in lums for economics major  and will do the same in nust. Now someone please please please please (I'm dying 😭) help me to chose between the two.
Should I make the payment for lums or should I let it go and try my luck at nust??
I've already attempted net 2 times and my score was 129 and 126 respectively. 

Ik this is long but pls help me and give genuine advice 🙏 
[removed]
Yea you are right
Pay for lums and make your decision after Nust merit list.

For whats it's worth lums is better econ wise than NUST.
Okay I'll do the same
refund policy pata challe to asap batana
[removed]
What would you say for Computer Science?
[removed]
Did LUMS CS rank number 1?
Nah NUST
But I think you should not rely on these rankings for bachelors because most of the rankings are based on research etc. and there's no research at bachelors level. Again, the decision is yours. Everybody has their own perspective
But people say that you'd get equal if not better opportunities at nust as you'd get in lums
[removed]
Okayy thank you
For econ, LUMS is the best available option. Go for LUMS if the cost factor isn't important
Similar situation with my NET being 115 and 139 and the major being CS. Anyone out here who would want to help me as well would be very good!
Lums will refund your money if you choose to not go
Entire fee?? Are you sure because it's a big amount
Look that up on their website. I know they provide a refund but I'm not sure how much
Okayy
Apart from 60,000 admission fee, yes rest will be refunded
Yes it's 150 something actually
They cut 60k basically and rest gets refunded.
NUST is shit, campus life is shit, ppl are all average and ordinary
Haye Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ce5mkk/is_ms_ee_after_bs_cs_possible_in_lums/
It's mentioned on the LUMS website but isn't it against the PEC?
Most folks move to CS related jobs even after EE. May require PEC certificate if you want to go in a government job other than outside of Pakistan no one even knows about PEC
Who gives a fk about PEC?
who gives a F\*\* about PEC, all they want is to hold down students in one way or another, private firms and the international market do not even recognize em

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdxwbz/when_is_the_next_batch_of_acceptances_coming_out/
Tension aur anxiety bohot ho rahi, har din kise aur ki nikal aati aur apni ka koi name neshan ni. Na hi koi confidence hai
I don't see the point of these posts, you know as much as any other person in this sub.
Hahahaha exactly
chill karo unless your wali ul haq

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdx2gf/conditional_offer/
for the conditional offer the A-level requirement is BBC so if someone gets AAD can it compensate for for the BBC or the D must be a C? 
just curious if that works
Compensated. Basically whatever is 70% equivalency, because thats what BBC is equivalent too. Just don't get a U.
last year there were few students i remember whose conditional offer was taken bcz they said they got a D, but maybe their other grades also did not make upto 70%?
Yes. Because AAD, Why would they reject realistically speaking? BBC is equivalent of the fsc 70% as well if you check.
oh alright i hope this is the case. ty
Did you get the offer??
no not yet

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdw3bb/tell/
Is there any deadline to submit the signed conditional letter? 
Yes the same deadline on your fee voucher

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdsaj9/next_batch/
whens the next wave of acceptances gonna come? any predictions? almost everyone around me got in the past few batches and i cant focus on my a2 exams w this 😭
Focus on A2 exams. Imagine you get acceptance but couldn't meet the BBC requirement.
thats my worst fear 🙏 trying so hard to focus on my cies but this is so mentally tolling like i can't even sleep in peace
Understandable, maybe do something 1-2 hours which helps you relax before studying? And don't think about lums that much. Would recommend not visiting subs. Check portal once a day and just keep it out of mind till acceptance
that's actually great advice, thank u! ur right trying to put the obsessive checking of the subs to a stop 😭😭
Any time
Ikrr im going through the same thing. I have to legit force myself to study
Bro your username is the opposite of the current meteorological condition of pakistan, how do you feel about that?
HAHAHAH unfortunately im also a victim of pakistan's inconsistent weather conditions. reddit's fault for giving me this username 😔
btw don't worry I haven't gotten my acceptance either, what are your creds?
2A* 3A 2B 1C o levels
2A 1B 1D(retaking) AS
1370 sat 
applied hss econ 
wby???
[deleted]
those r great stats, u will get in iA !!
well hopefully we'll both meet in LUMS IA
i will pray for you inshALLAH you will get in
thank u sm and likewise :)
USSSSS
[deleted]
inshallah both of usss

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdrp4a/gap_year/
hi can anyone outline the process of applying to Lums on a gap year

- first of all how would I get my letters of acceptance 

- I currently have 2A*2As in my OLs would it be possible for me to give 3-4 more olevel subjects and improve my profile 

- does lums admit gap year students 
1- by contacting your teachers and getting them to write your lORs

2- yes but you will have to improve them in October/November series.

3- yes, I had a gap year and got my admission in the current round.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdrjbl/any_high_creds_students_still_waiting_for/
Drop creds below and lemme know if you're still waiting cuz same man :/
above 1500 sat and decent o levels and ecas. urs?
Same but 1480 SAT and 15 16 ecas
15 to 16. Man. I hope the quantity doesn’t mean quality ⬇️
Baddua de raha hai bhai? 😭
How do you have that many ecas? I don't understand how people here have so many. Can you dm them or something? I'm not even interested in Lums just curious
Bro people focus alot on ecas as grades arent the only thing that make up your application the ecas can make or break it. 

I have been working since day 1 of olevels toward ecas for uni

I've got 18. Inshallah admission hojaye
Mere grades: 3A* 5A 1B
2a 1b
Predicted: 1A* 2 A
That's really good, that you had awareness that early... Most people start doing ecas in AS or A2.. but can you tell me more about them? I want to know what they're like for kids on this sub.
Yeah i did due to my older brother who guided me.

I did many IMUN ones internships and attended conferences

Any small or big thing that my school was doing i made sure to take part

Any debate competition n anything like that

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdref6/fees/
Does anyone of you guys who have got into SBASSE without financial aid can tell that how much payment we need to make initially after receiving Conditional Letter?
And how many days does they give to make the payment?
10 lac 40 thousand for first semester
I got accepted 5 days ago, withdrew financial aid and deadline to pay is May 8
What's the total estimation ( all sems ) ... ? Their site isn't working for some reason !
17 lakh for this year
Thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdqnze/sahsol/
Pls chance me for law school....and pls don't be mean

 Olevels: 2 A\*, 3 As and 4 Bs( in sciences and math) Alevels 3A\* predicted with internals in biz, sociology and law 

Gave LCAT

 Pretty good ps Good amount of extra curriculars 7-8 internships and volunteership in reputable organisations 

Going to give upcoming LAT

 Considering minimum Requirements for law school olevels is B in all subject please give me ur opinions Thanks
easy admission, best of luck
Tysm
is there a chance in SAHSOL with 95% matric and 70.5% fsc pre enginnering with 3-4 ecas and 5-6 awards preety well Ps gave lcat  and will give upcoming lat
yeah i think so, decent chance
IA will meet you in LUMS if both of us get acceptance in SAHSOL.
IA


is there a chance in SAHSOL with 95% matric and 70.5% fsc pre enginnering with 3-4 ecas and 5-6 awards pretty well Ps gave lcat and will give upcoming lat
What is ur SAT score?
Gave LCAT 
Well overall u have a good chance
thanks, i feel relieved to quite an extent after this...all I can do now is pray


is there a chance in SAHSOL with 95% matric and 70.5% fsc pre enginnering with 3-4 ecas and 5-6 awards pretty well Ps gave lcat and will give upcoming lat

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdozv1/chance_me_for_lums/
2A\* 4A 2B in o levels 

2b in AS

very little EC'S and good ps 

what are the chances for me to get into Lums?
depends on your entry test scores
i did not give the LCAT and i got a 1200 in march SAT
i dont think ps really matters since they got ton of apps to go through they gonna max spend 1-2 minutes reading it. also if you applied for sse ur scientific aptitude test matters
Which school?
SBASSE

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdorie/what_should_i_do_to_maximise_my_chance_of_getting/
I am in AS and I want know what events I should do or what SAT score I should get that would maximise my chances of getting into lums!! My IGCSE result was 3 A stars 4 A and 1 B
1400+ SAT score and the main thing (Allah's will).
What about events??? I have not done a lot tbh. Meine bas aik MUN kiya hai aur one LUMS ka event (TESCON) kiya hai
I'd reccomend doing community service and doing stuff like internships relating to your feild too
Good AS grades and 1450+ sat
First, ensure that your academics are truly strong; this will pave the way for the subsequent steps to be less challenging. However, don't become complacent merely because of a high SAT score and strong grades. The admissions process tends to be holistic, emphasizing the importance of elements like a compelling Statement of Purpose (SOP), extracurricular activities (ECAs), and recommendation letters. Avoid pursuing internships and activities that are irrelevant to your aspirations and goals; instead, identify a passion and commit to mastering it. You'll need a distinctive trait or a 'HOOK' to set yourself apart from other applicants. Best of luck with your application to LUMS.
THANK YOUUU SMMM
my advice is to aim for a 1450+ to 1500+ (ideally) sat. gove 2 attempts AT LEAST first in coming march. decent recomm letters from school teachers. Extracurriculars depends on what field ur gon persue later so related to that eg i did a school competition for a startup idea cuz my aim was finance. Go to a few sports competitions and that should do it. If these are good enough personal essay wont be much of a problem.
Okkk &lt;3
If you want to get a merit scholarship then get a 1550 at least, take retakes if you have to. Your top most priority should be nailing your academics with A's and A*'s. MUNs are a strong extracurricular stick to them (multiple ones happen around the year conducted from various institutions so keep yourself updated) and try some internships during summer or winter break (ideally related to the degree you're stepping into). Try gaining any student council position/ an executive position in college societies since that really shows your leadership qualities. Participate in various events. And yeah I've heard that LUMS really likes it if you have participated in their events (SPADES, Case@lums etc.). Lastly, your personal statement matters a lott so ideally start working on it well before time (1 month before at least) so that you can go over and write better revised versions. 
Anddd just work hard InshAllah hope you get in next year &lt;3
Thank you so much. I appreciate it a lot :)
Step 1 : Become close to the establishment.

Step 2: Stoop to any and all levels to please them 

Step 3: Give them assurance that you will do as they 
             Please.

Step4: Become an Interim Prime Minister and invite 
            yourself. Show up late and make derogatory 
            remarks to sensible questions and stoop to 
            name calling such as bablu if anyone calls you
            Out for being late. Hope this helps.

Made the suggestion to someone earlier who wanted to visit not get it but this has proven to work before so good luck.
Bro my advice would be to focus on SAT, bcz see how many ECAs would FSC and matric students do? 2-3 Maybe and they also get in. Focus on SAT and then do ECA as long as your studies don’t get affected. MUNs are good, try to get some school club presidentship do 1-2 main projects/activities for that club. (If your school doesn’t have it plan with management a TedX idk it’s really great because internationally recognised smth) There are a ton of summer internships coming up like for NGOs summer school and there is WWF internship and Shoukat Khanum and most hospitals do. Do 2 summer internships, school club, MUNs, peer teaching, can do some degree related beginner level course on coursera, like there are tons of things you can do but as long as your SAT isn’t compromised and A level internals…

And SAT depends on which school in LUMS you are applying for.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdni1u/chance_me_for_sbasse/
9 U in olvevels, 4 U in AS,  400 SAT , terrible SBASSE test. 0 ECs and I forgot to write a PS. Batao boys koi chance hai?
Bhai kahi aor dekh oxbridge waghaira mein. Lums mein tera 100% easy merit scholarship miljaygha tension na le. Ez in hai tuh
Try Harvard
v ez in for SBASSE but quite difficult for law and education school
Try NASA
i wonder how youre not one of the top 100 candidates
Good chances
omg i wonder why you are not the president yet your profile is unreal
Maine socha Zardari ko enjoy karne do
Dean at harvard.
How are you not the PM of pakistan
bro you are too good for EARTH 

try MARS
u should apply for Pakistan Army
ez
100% chances
Damn, you got 100% no chance 👍
sweeper ke lia???

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdmvtf/chance_me/
Matric 99% 
Fsc 81% 
Lcat went decent 
Ps excellent 
Sat na poucho
0 chance tbh, I think you should withdraw your application fees without waiting for their status update.
Okay that was helpful ❤️
😌😌
Why???
Sarcasm
That was hurtful but it’s okay 👹
How to withdraw application fee?
😂😂😂😂
lol you can’t
Na admission mila na refund🫡😔
😭😭
School?
Mgshss econ
Decent chances if lcat is good. If your Sat is above 1350, then also comfortable chances( if between 1300-1350, still good chances but more dicey).
Inshallah yes lcat went good

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdml23/will_there_be_more_acceptances/
will there be more acceptances? or was this it? when can i expect another batch
I hope so
Acceptances come till end of July
Yes they will be more acceptances sent out. Most probably are still be sent out. Its still only April.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdmgdw/lums_fa_team_house_visit/
Do they always visit and do they come inside the house? What questions do they ask? Seniors helpp
[deleted]
Yes it does
i think it happens for the NOP since it's a more complex process,  whereas your financial aid documents offer a clear basis for assessing your need for financial assistance.
It depends, for my friends lums ki team showed up late in the semster to their homes to verify

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdlvff/lums_andor_medicine/
I got into lums but I want to give medicine a shot. The fee payment deadline for lums is in May so I need to commit in the next few days but mdcat is on 8th September so I won't know the results for medical colleges till then. What should I do? Take a gap year, pay the fee and check my mdcat prep + alevels grades till August end and ask for refund accordingly, or do something else? If anyone has any idea/experience regarding this or has heard of a similar situation in the past, pls help me out!
Definitely medical. Infact if someone in your friend got into lums ask them to consider medical aswell it's a very noble profession (apni seat mujhe dedo)
Meri le lo bro, mein nahi ja raha🫠
Fr?
Yea-
i went for medicine and didn’t even apply to lums but i definitely regretted not applying last year. even after you give the mdcat you’re gonna have up until feb or march till med school starts and there’s no guarantee for getting in. it definitely gets really depressing so i suggest that if you can afford it you should definitely do a semester and then if you get into medicine you can just go to med school otherwise you’ll have the option to continue at lums without wasting a year. of course you need to know what your priority is so up until the mdcat you’ll have to focus more on that and probably miss out on a lot of the first month activities lums offers but i still think it’s a better bet than just giving up this opportunity.
If you're dead set on medicine then go for it (do keep in mind MBBS/ Dentistry is too hard to get into) otherwise stay in lums. It has a relatively decent degree.
Don’t go for mdcat I beg of you ! Waste of time and money and also will ruin your mental health!!!
No OP should definitely do mdcat. I'm totally not saying this for a better chance of getting a seat
If you  want to do medicine and are prepared to go to a private mbbs college, then go for it. Otherwise stick with Lums.
Please seat chorh do lums ki zaya nh kro. Ap medical hi kro shabash good luck for that.
Meri lelo
Ofc seat😭
Hahaha
You could go to, georgia and do medicine there
Only persue med in Pakistan if you're crazy junoony for it otherwise go for LUMS
Hey, mbbs graduate here.
Okay so this totally depends on you and what you want to do. (By now you should have figured out what you wanna do in life). 
MBBS is pretty tough, and its really competitive to get in. Unless you're damn sure you want to go into medicine, and you're grades are really high (im talking A*'s and A's here in O and A levels) I wouldn't reccomend going into medicine. Be mindful that when you appear for MCAT, they're still very high chances that you might not get in and you'll be forced to take a proper gap year. You need an 89% aggregate (idk how high it is now) which is really high. A lotttt of people get left behind in Pakistan.
Be realistic about your goals and weigh your options.
Don't pass up whats on the table unless you're damn sure you know the risks you're taking.

P:S = A senior from my A level college actually did get into LUMS, but when AKU offered him a seat. He dropped out of LUMS pretty fast lol.
Just don’t go for medical here me desperate to leave mentally destroy kr deti hai no faida in future. My two sisters are doctor both of them say don’t don’t opt medical and me myself so done no future now. it’s just overrated nothing else

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdl2xx/decisions/
Next batch kab ayega? Any idea?
The first batch was on Sunday and the next on Thursday could be within a week
There were extremely few acceptances on Thursday and we're only of few school....I think there might be a few more acceptances this weekend iA
no one knows they come on rolling basis
Koi estimate?
Tomorrow at 6 30 pm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdilqc/chance_me_please/
I have like 1A* 6As 1B in O level. 2As and 1B in AS. ECAs are decent if i list down the major ones, an exchange program in the US, internship at PSX,  70 hours of community service, represented pakistan in international platfroms. I applied for MGHSS econ and maths. I had a 1260 SAT score but gave LCAT as well which went decent. Do I have a chance?

I ofc am very tenses because I have heard nothing from them so far. Do they send out rejection letters as well? And is it true that I might receive my decision in july?

Hope u get in IA🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
Do I have a chance??
I’m no one to say or decide that- but  IA this is just a wish from my side 🤍🤍 your creds look good - idek what’s lums criteria exactly - sometimes people with lower creds get accepted sometimes people with higher get rejected the possibilities are endless- I’ve applied for with a 1250 sat and 4as 3bs 1 c in o levels for the law school ik it’s a long shot but like it’s better than not applying haha
Oh yes definitely. We never know what destiny holds for us. Plus you atleast got an experience of filling out an ACTUAL application unlike the other unis in Pakistan who just want grades and their entry tests to be cleared. I wish you Luck! InshaAllah hojayegaa
yep exactly - right back @ u 🤍🤍🤍
inshAllah you’ll get in, thorda sa demotivated lag rahi ho?
Allah khair IA
Good chance if lcat went well.
Do you have any idea about the rejection letters?
Comes after or during June
Plus why do they keep sending out acceptances for like 3 months? Why don’t they send them out all together?
They're sadistic and like torturing kids
They are very good at it then
They copy the admission cycle of UK and some other western unis where admissions are on a rolling basis.
because seats empty out when accepted students don’t enrol, so they send acceptances to more students and this keeps happening till July until all seats are filled
Okay yes this makes much more sense now
SAT seems to be below average but lcat can make up for it. Rest looks good, I'd say you have a good chance of getting in
IDKKK ye log rula rula k kyun announce krte IBA ki tarah ek sath krdenn!!😭😭
Haha just try to not think about it too much
no need to worry, you have great ECs you’ll defo get in maybe after a few weeks
InshaAllah! InshaAllah! I Hope you get in too InshaAllah.
I got in already :) hope you get in too!!! In Sha Allah
MashaAllah congratulations to you! Allah kamyab kre Ameen❤️

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdd7zt/got_innnnn_alhumdulillah/
&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/9tyipu0mcrwc1.png?width=1362&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=99d56c9b0a978889e65fe36fb01e115afb8538dc
When??
cred
Congratulations!! 7pm yesterday?
Following
Congrats!!
Congratulations bro
Inshallah
Congrats
well done g

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdcut9/lcat/
Anyone who got acceptance on LCAT?
Me

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdc99b/what_makes_lums_business_school_unique/
Hi guys, no doubt you have also heard about LUMS's Stanford-like business school environment; but what exactly is that?  


As someone living in Karachi (IBA, SZABIST, and CBM) are considered the best business schools here but there's something about LUMS which exceeds all of these combined. The common expression is "LUMS wale toh start-up hi karte hain". However, the rest of the schools are more focused towards teaching students only the skills that might come in handy in finding a job.  


I did my BBA from SZABIST and honestly, it was nothing more than just a normal lecture class where teachers read the PPTs out aloud and then ask you to brainstorm which leads to the exams. I also believe that own ambitions highly matter in one's grooming of becoming a successful entrepreneur but there's something about LUMS that makes all the difference.  


That's why I wanna learn about that very "WHAT" thing and may connect with you guys (who are/have been a part of LUMS BS) to understand the experience.  


Peace 

&amp;#x200B;

A guy who's bit by the entrepreneurial bug!
[deleted]
you mean that the network and pressure to work on a single area is being taught at the school which provides students the opportunity to find their interest but not an entrepreneurial mindset, right?
Honestly, while I think LUMS is better than all these Business Schools, it is not entirely true that it is managing to replicate the top business schools of the world. That is a huge overstatement. LUMS is fine, yes it allows a lot of networking and provides a solid base to students (with incubators like NIC), but they do not teach you how to become an entrepreneur and no I do not think most or even 30% of the students start their own think. Most people from my batch are doing corporate jobs.
Which uni teaches you to become an entrepreneur?
None
I mean i keep hearing a lot abt placements into multinational companies and all. I am currently applying to Nust but am being told that i should wait a year and apply to Lums and I’ll have a better future. Ik ur from Lums and obv have a better understanding of this stuff so, i’d like some guidance
I'm only kidding bro. Lums is a good university. You should come here if you can.
Is it worth waiting a year for and leaving nust?
I keep hearing insane things abt Lums so am really contemplating
Nope, not really. Getting into MT programs after you graduate is mostly down to two things: 1) your luck, 2) your own ability. There are very few places that exclusively care about taking LUMS grads (McKinsey, for instance). I wouldn't say it's worth it to leave NUST and come to LUMS. 

What have you heard about LUMS that makes you think that way?
The successful startups, insane networking, multinational placements. Basically the one grad ik from Lums too is like 29 ig working in Uber for like almost 30 lakhs. Ig head of something in Uber egypt and middle east.
I have one close relative there too whose fam was like “oh uske itne interviews huey and we don’t have to worry abt his job or anything he’s set”.
I'd say nearly all of what you've heard is exaggerated. Sure there are startups and yes opportunities for networking and multinational placements but everything is down to your ability. Networking, I'm not even sure what it means in the context of things. I can't think of a single person in my batch who got a job purely because of networking.

For jobs, it's not true that LUMS grads don't worry about it. Yes, everyone I know from my batch got a job in 6 months max but not everyone got into multinationals or even good places. 

LUMS is a great place, excellent campus life, some really amazing instructors but it's just that: a university. It can't really do all those things. I mean the whole 3mn at 29 is either just fake or just a one-off instance. LUMS isn't a supernatural place and I'd say it's deteriorating by the day.

One of the great things about LUMS is this: it gives you A LOT of opportunity to put yourself out there, to get an experience and it is always up to the person to take that. You can do it without LUMS.
Yeah i get what u mean thanks. And nah ik the guy. He is lucky ig but he’s sitting in a good place. He started working here in Uber for like 60K and they eventually sent him to Middle east where he climbed the ladder.
Good for him honestly but he is an exception not a rule.
Following, adding  What  skills LUMS students get in their undergraduates and how they get them?
I Thinks lums exceed in social activities the extracurricullum and many great societies makes your ungrads yeaes so much fun and fruitful
yeah, may be, but that's something other schools like habib university are most known about but still their worth is nowhere near to LUMS
SDSB grad here. 

I think LUMS and IBA are the best business schools in Pakistan. I once asked one of my classmates ( ex IBA grad) how she found LUMS different from IBA. According to her the faculty was more or less similar ( experience and teaching wise ) and also the curriculum was somewhat similar but the environment LUMS provided to her was way better than IBA combined with experience of interacting with people from diverse backgrounds made LUMS superior to IBA in her opinion.
[deleted]
looks like the school's handbook is here

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cdbgcw/interschool_switching_and_breaking_stereotypes_at/
At the top universities in the world like MIT, Harvard, Stanford, and other Ivy League schools and top 200 US universities, students are afforded the luxury of gaining basic knowledge in multiple subjects and taking free electives. In the first year, students have the chance to study multiple disciplines and are not required to declare their major before the end of their first or sophomore year. For example, if one begins with CS but later realizes a passion for Econ or ACF which they have not studied before, isn't that amazing? Rather than being stuck with a major that one may not enjoy for the entirety of their degree, without ever getting the chance to study multiple disciplines, students can take advantage of this opportunity. This luxury is a feature that many students love and is inspired by other top US universities. It is what makes LUMS unique and distinct from other Pakistani universities.

and furthermore, you can very easily which major after meeting certain criteria, switching in the same school is easy, switching to a different school is a little bit harder like if you want to switch into SDSB you need to follow a certain criterion that i"ll quote from the LUMS website.  
What is the process for transferring into SDSB from another school? **a CGPA greater than or equal to 3.5 at the end of First/Sophomore year(s) are eligible for a direct transfer to SDSB Undergraduate Programmes (ACF/MGS), based on their given major preference.**  


( you can visit their website or ask them directly for detailed guidance)  


secondly, switching to SSE is relatively harder since you need to take courses in algebra and calculus ( which can be particularly challenging for students without a background in mathematics or STEM fields)  and maintain a certain high GPA to meet the requirements for switching.

Thirdly, I highly recommend not solely relying on uninformed comments when it comes to making decisions about your future as a potential student. The lack of knowledge in some comments can significantly impact your choices. Instead, utilize authentic mediums like their official website for accurate guidance. Additionally, feel free to directly reach out to them; they are excellent at responding to queries. It's crucial to avoid being swayed by stereotypical or misguided remarks from individuals who may not have all the facts. Trusting reliable sources will ensure you make informed decisions for your own benefit 

And lastly, I think that having the option to switch majors is a luxury. If a student couldn't qualify for a certain major initially, they could work towards a minimum GPA and then switch to that major. Similarly, if someone who was initially interested in a particular major realizes later on that it's not for them, they could switch to something they are truly passionate about.  


I hope you all make it to the LUMS IA.
Why arent Nust and Lums protesting?
The best way to show solidarity with them as citizens of Pakistan is to boycott their products and those who directly fund them. However, unfortunately, KFC chicken seems more appealing to us :)
Students at Columbia and USC are protesting because their government directly funds the Zionist movement and supplies them with military weapons, using taxpayer money. In contrast, Pakistan does not even recognize Israel and strongly condemns their oppression. However, as Pakistanis, we struggle to resist the urge to use their products and directly fund them. This highlights a key difference: the U.S. funds them directly, while we do so indirectly.
Major sponsers and grant giver are companies like pepsi cocacola
So what's the problem?? You're getting good quality of education. Why di you care?
that's not our headache, we should do what's in our hands, making assumptions about whether they fund them or not doesn't make any sense, instead we should resist our urge to drink pepsi and cola

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cd4l2x/not_a_lums_student_but_want_to_visit_lums_can/
Hello,   
I've been living in Lahore since 2021 and have never gotten the chance to visit LUMS because I don't have any friends on the inside to get me through the security.  
Now, I'm an engineering graduate from NUST and the reason I want to visit is to explore the campus and interact with cool people. I think LUMS is the only place in Pakistan where students are given the freedom to question everything and the space to voice their opinions and it's a bummer that I am unable to visit.  
It would be great if some student can connect with me and get me through the security this weekend.  


P.S. I might bring 3 or 4 friends with me, (all NUST graduates if you need to know, so we're not sus).
Step 1 : Become close to the establishment.

Step 2: Stoop to any and all levels to please them 

Step 3: Give them assurance that you will do as they 
             Please.

Step4: Become an Interim Prime Minister and invite 
            yourself. Show up late and make derogatory 
            remarks to sensible questions and stoop to 
            name calling such as bablu if anyone calls you
            Out for being late. Hope this helps.
I know this has been successful in the past but I'm a bit reluctant on steps 1 through 4.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccz5t5/o_levels_marwa_de_ga/
I have 3A* 5A 1B in o levels and 1410 SAT and 2a1b AS level. Applied to sbasse. O levels lower side par hai Thora. Maslay to nahi create kare ga?
IA ho jaiga Ameen 🤍
IA apka agya?
Nahi man my creds are pretty low for lums - basically mistake say sciences rakh Lee o levels May and like Covid and all bhee tha I was alr not the most focused student ever so Covid just ruined it even more - warna if na hota ba to I would’ve done it but ig it depends on type of student as well sm kids did sooo well MA but I didn’t lol
Koi nahi yaar IA apka ajaye ga
hojaiga bro its not like your name is wali ul haq or something
yaar aap jaane pehchane lag rahe ho
Aap ne kaha dekha mujhe?
din k time dekha tha. Raat ko nazar nai aate
Hmm aap ki height kahein 4 foot se niche to nahi?
mushkil lag raha apka
Oho yr ab Kya karein...apka admission hogaya?
Mai tou iqra uni jana
Idher Kya kar rahe phir aap

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccycry/lums_info/
How much is fees per semester for Computer Science Undergraduate Program in LUMS?
10 lac 40 thousand for first semester and
7 lac 57 thousand for second semester

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccxydy/any_acceptances_for_political_science_students/
Yeah! You read the title right. Have anyone of you or any person you know who has gotten accepted into the Political Science degree? 
me
3a*
4A
2b 1490 sat
Whoa! Anyone else if you know? And there credentials?
What about A levels?
a bb
c
Did you get any scholarships?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccx380/merit_scholarships/
Has anybody received a merit scholarship,if yes what were your creds?
My SAT is 1520,8 A*s OL ,3As AS, and I haven't received any merit scholarship letter yet. I'd originally registered for fin aid but withdrew, could that affect the scholarship decision? 
my sat is also 1520, 7A* 2A in O Levels so we have similar stats but did not receive a scholarship. I also withdrew my financial aid. Apparently scholarships were awarded along with the admission decisions :,)
for merit scholarships its the additional o or a level subject (A* or A) that sets you apart cuz of a weighted GPA exceeding 4. Its awarded with the admission letter so if theres no scholarship letter along with the acceptance they didnt give one :(
I had an extra O level subject (A in AddMaths) and in A-level too predicted A* in Further Maths lmao but yes didn’t get a scholarship

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccwlgi/drop_your_qs_below_got_in_hss_upvote_so_more/

for econ or social sciences?
econ stream
Creds?
mentioned in some other comment under this post
Creds?
6A*2b sat 1420 As 3a
What are your creds bro?
mentioned in some other comment under this post
social science 
3a*
4a
2b 
sat 1490
u got in? congrats if yes
Easy in
yes
I got in too , what is the next step
read all the info provided
for the things they say we have to submit in the admissions office, do we just send them there ?
are u in lums whatsaap grp.
No I’m not
check dm
Can you please send me the WhatsApp link too, I also got in a week back.
dm
Hey I also got in a few days ago. Could you send the link for the group?
dm
can u transfer from hss to another school?
it’s possible but very difficult. in my opinion one should not go to lums if planning to switch SCHOOL later on

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccwdcf/second_preference/
Guys those who got into their second preference(HSS), is there any way they could get their first preference(SSE) and if that is not possible, how likely is a transfer from HSS econ stream to SSE
Inter school transfer ( going to sse from hss ) are v difficult and rare from what ive heard. It really depends. 

1) you have to take at least 1 or 2 course(100 level course/ basic) from sse each semester 

2)you have to have a certaint CGPA at end of year 1 either &gt; 3.3 or 3.5 

3) even if you fulfill these conditions,  your inter school transfer will depend on availability on vacant seats in SSE


ive gatheted this information from student handbook- you can check it out yourself tho its over 300 pages long. Otherwise contact LUMS administration for more info.
Transfers are very hard. Maybe wait for revised offer after accepting
how long do i have to wait for the revised offers and should should i wait till then to pay the fees
Pay fees. Revised condition might come in June or July tbh.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccwcu2/admission_decisions/
Has anyone gotten rejected yet?
Rejections come at end of June

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccw3lo/chance_me_pls/
8A*s in olevels, 3As 1B in As, decent extracurriculars but LCAT might be below avg
many close friends have gotten in and meri bas ho gayi hai 
you’ll get in easily don’t worry
Which school?
sdsb
Good chance with those creds
bhai more like easily in people with muchh less creds have gotten into sdsb
Chance me too guys 
Matric 99%
Fsc 81%
Lcat went good 
Ps excellent same for ecas 
Buss sat bohat acha hai woh na pouchay koi

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccvw7y/acceptances/
Kya aaj wala batch last tha ya phir abhi or bhi ayen ge? Any idea?
Abhi to bht ain ge july end tk chlna ye sb
Did you get in?
No🥲
July ke end tak they keep coming. Some people even get theirs in august
Alot still left. Probably only 300 total got acceptances so far.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccvw13/lcat_givers_acceptances/
has anyone who gave the LCAT instead of the SAT for lums application recieved their acceptance yet? cuz afaik most of my friends who have recieved the acceptances were ones who gave the sat, and i gave the LCAT. maybe theyre giving LCAT acceptances later? also has anyone yet recieved a rejection email? do they even let you know if youve been rejected or are you just left in the dark...?
I gave LCAT and got in
how did your lcat go? mine went pretty meh but my ps and ecas are great. creds are decent aswell
Tbh, it was a disaster.
haha yeh for me too! bro in which school you got in and what were creds?
Got in with LCAT.
how was ur lcat
Went very well according to me. Attempted all of it. Only question which I didn’t know how to attempt was some triangle/trigonometry one. I think it was my LCAT that got me in.
Gave the Lcat, got accepted alhamdulillah.
how was ur lcat
My maths section was almost all correct and english section went above avg

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccvpnu/pt2_those_who_got_in_did_you_get_into_1st_pref_or/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1ccvpnu)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccv2j0/applied_from_abroad/
Did anyone who applied on the basis of 5 IGCSE Subjects for equivalence, excluding the 3 GCE Subjects gotten in yet?
Meaning basically applying as overseas/International student
I've applied as an intl student but still waiting
Im a soph and applied with that
Around what time had you gotten your acceptance?
I applied with 5 subjects from abroad, not accepted yet tho.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccug7a/hss_or_law/
Has anyone got accepted today at HSS or LAW?
Did you get in with march sat?
I haven't got in yet
Asking if other have
Yes. Mghss econ. March SAT

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cctqki/is_that_all_for_this_batch_ya_aur_ain_gi/
First batch mein i think some people got it later than other no? 
Mujhe tou ab koi umeed nai rhi, bas ho gayi hai meri
So us 😭
literally same
[deleted]
agr ke sach huya to acceptance dur Allah apko lums ka dean bhi bnai
Brother keh De ke yeh Sach hai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cctjk6/has_anyone_gotten_accepted_to_two_diff_schools_as/

Nope, you can only be admitted to one school (unless LUMS chooses to revise your offer later)
How do revised offers work. If I don't accept my offer for econ will I be have the chance to receive a revised for Cs later on?
The thing is SSE is a comparatively harder school to get into and revised offers come in depending on how many seats are left/the stats of other applicants. I’m not sure about whether you get revised offers if you decline your first one, email LUMS and ask them about that and I’m sure they’ll guide u
Iv emailed then no reply, on top of that they don't seem to pick up the phone either iv tried calling multiple times
Really? I haven’t had that problem, maybe try calling before 3 pm? I’ve noticed they stop responding to emails around that time
I might be using the wrong number could you gimme the correct one
I think it’s +92 42 111 11
Thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cct2mh/got_into_sse_just_now/
going thru the offer right now ... will share ss soon
Mubarak ho.Cred.. Share kr dena 
Creds?
congratulations
Thank youuuu

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccrast/for_the_students_currently_studying_in_lums/
SalamAlaykum guys
Why aren’t you guys protesting for Gaza?
I saw Columbia students going crazy
Harvard and other US universities a LOT of them are literally driving the government nuts
Students are getting arrested 
They have to think about distance education in order to stop the students
Education is supposed to let us take such actions 
Since LUMS IBA NUST etc are the top unis in Pakistan,we want these to protest for Gaza in HUGE NUMBERS
Please arrange an on campus protest that would make it to the global mediaaa

They’re protesting against their Zionist government who is using their taxes to fund the war whereas our government doesn’t even recognise Israel as a country. So what will these students be protesting against?
I understand your point, but I believe that protesting against the injustices faced by the Palestinian people is still crucial, even if our government doesn't recognize Israel. By protesting, we're not only showing solidarity with the Palestinians but also calling on our own government to take a stronger stance in support of their rights. We're also raising awareness about the humanitarian crisis and putting pressure on the international community to act.

Protesting isn't just about targeting a specific government, but also about standing up for human rights and justice. We can't stay silent just because our government has a certain stance. We should use our voices to advocate for what's right and push for change. Let's organize a peaceful and impactful protest that shows our support for the Palestinian people and our commitment to justice and humanity.

Given Pakistan's stance on not recognizing Israel, the focus of the protest could shift to:

1. Raising awareness about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza and the plight of the Palestinian people.
2. Calling for international intervention and diplomatic efforts to resolve the conflict.
3. Showing solidarity with the Palestinian people and supporting their right to self-determination.
4. Urging the Pakistani government to take a more active role in advocating for Palestinian rights and supporting UN resolutions on the issue.
5. Protesting against the global silence and inaction in the face of human rights violations in Gaza.

By framing the protest in this way, students can still express their outrage and compassion while aligning with Pakistan's official stance on the issue. The focus would be on directly targeting the Israeli government.
The Pakistani government has been doing all these 4 points you mentioned since god knows when. A donation drive would be a better and more effective way of showing support for the Palestinian cause imo.
Pakistan's response to the ongoing Israel-Hamas war has been carefully tailored to meet both domestic and international expectations. Unlike Iran, which has been vocally supportive of Palestinian militant groups and has even physically engaged Israel through proxy attacks, Pakistan has taken a more muted approach. Notably, neither the President nor the Chief of Army Staff has addressed the issue publicly or spoken about it in a significant forum, which highlights the relatively low level of engagement and prioritization of this issue by Pakistan's leadership. Iran has not only vocally supported Palestinian groups but has also physically engaged Israel through attacks, such as those carried out by its proxy forces in the region, contributing to Tehran's influence in the region and highlighting the difference in approach between Iran and Pakistan on this issue.
I understand your point about donation drives being a practical way to support the Palestinian cause, and I agree that it's a valuable effort. However, I disagree that the Pakistani government has been actively working towards the four points I mentioned earlier.

While Pakistan has historically expressed verbal support for the Palestinian cause, concrete actions and diplomatic efforts have been limited. We haven't seen sufficient pressure on the international community or meaningful initiatives to hold Israel accountable for human rights violations.

Protesting and raising our voices is not just about duplicating efforts, but also about holding our own government accountable for taking more decisive action. By protesting, we're pushing for policy changes and increased diplomatic pressure, which can complement humanitarian efforts like donation drives.

Let's not limit ourselves to just one approach; we can organize donation drives and protests simultaneously, demonstrating our commitment to the Palestinian cause in multiple ways.
You’re right protesting against the government for us is not the main thing, the main thing is developing an atmosphere of pressure and doing OUR part:standing up for the oppressed ones.
Just think for a moment what impact will it make on the global media and even locally for Pakistanis: when such top universities will do a mass protest, Pakistan’s stance of standing with palestine will be so much more clearer and will exert pressure on our foreign relations with America.Plus other universities will also be motivated to do so and jub apka sara Pakistani youth show hoga collectively standing up for Gaza,it will make a huge huge impact
We need to show what side do we stand on in whatever ways we can…to show us as muslims and to demonstrate our humanity!
I believe we should support protests regarding the current events in Gaza, but we are not America where we supply weapons or any type of aid to the Israelis. Also, this would create even more disturbance in the current political situations in Pakistan, which is itself unstable already. So you better think abt what you are going to be saying first. Protesting is not a walk in the park. IDC how much you disagree with me rn, but fortunately I am a realist.
Pakistani government isn't supporting Israel, so why would students protest?
The best way for us, as citizens of Pakistan, to show our solidarity with the people of Gaza is by boycotting Israeli products and those that directly fund their government. Harming their economy directly is the best way to weaken their nation. Alhamdulillah, we do not have a Zionist movement in our country, and there is a consensus among all people to not recognize Israel.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccr4g3/wait/
This waiting and patience is killing us. LUMS should reject or accept our applications right away. So, that we can focus on other paths or prepare for it.
Wait ker kerke mera damagh kharab hogaya hai
Din mein 50 times checking portal 
Damagh suthya gaya hai😭😭
[deleted]
One hour ago I acceptance. Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you are gonna get
waqt badal gye jazbaat badal gye🫴🫴
Sach main bilkul 180 degrees
PROOFFF??
Nahi detha jaa. Maze kar
Bas aagya na line pay
Acha
chocolates…
[deleted]
My prayers are with all you people. Perform tahajud it really holds powers.
Praying tahajjud! But no acceptance yet😭 what were your credentials? Congratulations tho
My credentials were SAT 1530 fsc 91 matric 93 and 11 awards and honors from Cadet College Kohat
Oo g oye yadi deya
babe, backup options rakho wesy bhi, you never know what gonna happen

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccqzzw/how_are_we_supposed_to_send_the_ibcc_equivalence/

contact lums on helpline number
Email them a scanned copy

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccpgxd/class_of_2028_how_extensive_the_financial_aid/
Got accepted at science school. The financial aid form is massive. Trying to give the best info &amp; all the docs. I really wish that they consider the family contribution per annum &amp; decide to give the max of remaining amount. I hope fin aid office shows some mercy on us. Ameen. 

Quick questions to current lumsu students, how generous lums is in terms of financial aid? Thanks 
40% of students at LUMS receive financial aid. That's even more than some top US universities. Since its inception, LUMS has given billions of rupees in financial aid to its students, but due to limited resources, it wants to ensure that the aid goes to students who truly cannot afford the fees.

and if you get in everything will be sorted, the package depends on your ability to pay for tuition, so the more or less you need that would be given.
thank you so much
[deleted]
May I dm you brother 🙏

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccodf8/does_the_fee_keep_increasing_or_remains_the_same/
So first semester fee is almost 10 lac 
And i heard that second semester fee is a bit less . Like 7 lac maybe. 
Does it remain the same for the 3rd semester and 4th n so on. ??
it doesnt decrease... it only increases lol. by 50k to a lac every semester
Ooo so 8th sem — 18 lac tak bhi jaa sakti💀💀🙄
The fee usually increases after one year. So they increased the fee last year and they have done it again for the September semester.
The fee usually increases after one year. So they increased the fee last year and they have done it again for the September semester.
Fee increases every year thanks to Pakistani economy.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccn8xd/did_anyone_get_in_sbasse_with_sat_score_1350/
pls answer
Yes I know someone who got accepted in SBASSE,  credentials are 
Matric 98.6% 
Inter part 1 93% 
Sat 1350
Yes ppl with even lesser scores got in sbasse last year
stop giving me false hope😭😭😭
No it's true, stay hopeful as long as u have good o and a level grades
[deleted]
Are u a lums student?
[deleted]
Same lol
In SSE?
[deleted]
Average is 1400+
can you specify what you mean by good grades? i habe 3A*s 3As and 2Bs in olvls. does that count as good grades?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccn8pl/emotionally_tired/
ok so here's the thing; one of my relatives got in sbasse and he applied for chemE (chemE was my 3rd preference and chem and phy my first two), and they are pretty close so they informed my mom directly. now my mom has always been very very supportive of me alhamdullilah, has always went a little step ahead to accommodate me and my studies. i am genuinely so grateful to and for her, and greatly respect and love her. but these past few days, she's been slightly distant, or i can also say much disappointed that i have not gotten in already. 

It has been her dream to send me to lums since forever, and she had always told me that with my stats it would be easy to get in... but now i am just torn by her detachment. my mom means all the world to me. 

any coping mechanism? because it is really affecting me, and i really don't have time to waste, i am starting my a level composite exams in a few days. 
I will pray for you my boy. Let me know when you get in.
what are your stats? there’s no need to worry lums keeps releasing decisions till July, just focus on your A level exams rn
7A*, 1A, 1B (pak studies), student council. some events. LORs from internships. gave LCAT. 4A* predicted. 3A*, 1A in A1 internals. 
and yea, I need to really focus on alevels :' thank you.
good profile picture overall MA. but one concern is that the LORs need to be from your teachers and if u want to submit LORs from someone other than teacher still 2 LORs by teacher is necessary and 3rd or 4th can be from someone else.
ty. i also have LORs from teachers! these are just added on appreciation ones
that’s an excellent profile you’ll definitely get in don’t worry!! just focus on your exams for now, everything will be alright, best of luck!!
It's normal for parents to be like that when we don't meet their BIG BIG expectations tbh. And it's not their fault too as every parent wants the best for their child. You should just have faith in Allah rn and focus on your A levels. Maybe try applying to other universities too as a backup. Also kow that your mom's reaction is temporary. Just don't lose hope and keep working towards your goal.
Please focus on your Alevels and majority decisions are yet to be released. Its rather random.
Studying while smoking cigarettes improves concentration and gives you succession vibes
Cigarettes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccn7az/4_subjects_in_a_levels_bbc_requirement/
Since Lums require A2 grades to be an average of BBC, then what if a person who has 4 subjects gets BBC in 3 but let's say get a U in the 4th subject, is it sill in line with their requirement?  


Also another thing is what if a person has a 'u' in one component of A levels but he gets a's in the other 3, do cambridge reqire a retake to be given due to that one component?
You can go as low as a D in the 4th sub
Bro u can even get an E in one of the three if u have 2A*.  Is this written in their requirements or something?
Its not a d it an e my bad
They will consider only 3 most high grades subjects

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccn00o/merit_scholarships/
hey guys, congrats to those who got in
did anyone receive a merit scholarship yet? and was it delivered with ur acceptance letter or separately a few days later? pls help out thanks xx
It was delivered with the physical acceptance package and was also in the online applicant portal. 
Which school did you apply to and what were your credentials 
Congratulations by the way!
Where on the portal
it came with the physical package a few days later. and after that it came on the portal as well with the other documents (like deans letter, conditional offer jo acceptance ke time hi aa gayin thin)
So I received my acceptance letter and package a few days earlier but no scholarship letter came with it. I've heard some people saying it comes later too idk
What were ur credentials 
yup. so basically acceptance ke saath bhi iek letter aya tha jispe likha tha what percentage i got. phir aaj dobara iek letter aya jisme the fee amount was written. i got 50%. creds were 98% matric 92.5% fsc and 1490 sat
[deleted]
no that is seekha scholarship jo ke full fee pe hoti
Got the scholarship letter today. Received the acceptance letter a few day's earlier so takes some time
congrats! what were ur credentials?
and what school did u apply to?
how much scholarship? 
Did u apply for merit scholarship or do they consider every candidate? I got physical package on 20th April. I didn't get fee voucher neither in physical form nor on portal. Offer letter says Kay fee will be decided after I complete financial aid form I just hope kay merit schoalrship Ajay is Kay sath 

😭😭
You should have had a scholarship letter in the physical package. I had mine in there and today the package came with Merit Scholarship Conditions only. I knew about my scholarship as I received the acceptance package.
Okay so u got scholarship, but does your portal or offer letter mention your consideration for aid? 

My portal now shows me another tab where I have to submit helluva documents to apply for financial aid. Also, my offer letter had mentioned on it that they've accepted my appeal for financial aid &amp; they will only give me fee voucher once my aid package is decided based on what my family can afford to pay. Let's hope for the best, they keep their words 🙏😭
Same here. I have already finished my Financial Aid Application tho. It will come after 4 to 6 weeks as they mentioned

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccl6xs/lcat_or_sat/
I obtained a score of 1410 in SAT and gave the LCAT as well. Which of these scores will get considered . My LCAT went avg.
the higher one will be considered

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccky3u/lcat/
Still waiting for the decision. 5A\*s \*and 4As in O levels. 3 A\*s and 1A in A level Tanscript. Decent ECs and awards. Appeared for LCAT which went avg/good. First preference SDSB and second is HSS (econ pol)
Same bro 
I have a gap year with 6 A stars and 2 A in O levels 
2A stars and 1 A in A levels
1310 in SAT March 
And pretty good ECs
InshAllah things will go in our favour. Praying 🙏 
InshAllah bro

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ccc6ls/finances/
So considering the recent price hike what is y’all’s opinion on LUMS vs NBS in the long run is it worth it to spend the 20 lakh a year and go to lums or should one opt for NBS and take the burden of off your head or would u opt to join lums and have the burden that you’re making your family pay 20 lakh a year for ofc a better education w better resource and a better reputation overall as a business uni the best pakistan has to offer. Also i haven’t received an acceptance yet but i have what i consider abover avg creds so i’m optimist for an acceptance in atleast my 2nd preference which is econ. Would love y’all’s opinions and suggestions xx
Itne to MBBS Bhi hojata hai private mai! So why not go for more stable,rewarding and respectful profession. 

If you are super rich and money isnt an issue then spending that amount is reasonable since its not the money rather the value. But if its otherwise then skip it. IBA,IOBM,NBS all are very reputable institutions.
Wharton is considered the most expensive business school in the world and arguably the best. The fortunate students who get accepted are willing to pay the hefty tuition fees because they know that the education they receive and the exposure they get there are unmatched. Graduates from Wharton, Harvard, and other top 20 business schools are more likely to secure high-paying jobs and have successful careers than those from community colleges in the US. Additionally, the education and exposure they receive are unparalleled. 

On the other hand, SDSB might not have the same recognition and resources as these top business schools, considering that Harvard alone has an academic endowment of $50 billion, and undergraduate education there can cost up to $350-400k USD. Admission to these schools is highly competitive, but thanks to their generous financial aid, many students do not need to pay such a hefty amount of money. 

Similarly, at SDSB, you might not receive a better education or exposure, but it is somewhat on par with these schools and comes at a minimal cost of 20-25k USD for your entire education. Therefore, it is definitely worth considering if you can afford it. Almost all local companies would hire you just by seeing SDSB in your profile, and it has good recognition internationally as well. Many SDSB graduates go abroad for their masters or secure high-paying jobs there.
first of all it isn’t 20 lakh. its around 17 the first year only and less for the next years as shuru mei security or registrations wagera hoti but i get your point. imo, yes nothing can justify that fee even if education level mein farq bohat zyada hota. and there is not a v big difference here. matlab even if my parents were v rich or woh afford kar sakte, phir bhi 50-60 lakh ki degree karte huwe khud sharam aati😭

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc8uj5/lums_vs_aku/
I'm going to be started college in the fall in
Pakistan. Got into LUMS and am waiting for my decision from AKU FAS Programme. Both will be costing be the same, which is going to be a financial burden. I need to decide which one to opt for. I like both majors equally but I am worried about joining AKU as the programme is very new and may not offer as many opportunities and
experiences as LUMS. But LUMS is in Lahore and I live in Karachi so I'm hesitant about moving away for four years and the cost of traveling back and forth. I’m also worried about finding my people and myself at LUMS.

Please please offer any information that you can about the opportunities and experiences at AKU FAS and LUMS both. I really need to compare both. Also please let me know about the job opportunities after LUMS (I’m hoping to major in politics and economics) 

Thank you!
well, that's a bizarre question both of these universities are entirely different, it's like comparing apples and oranges. I would suggest if you get into LUMS go there, students from various backgrounds come to LUMS, and the supportive community at LUMS will make your time memorable. if I say your four years at LUMS would be the best time of your life I won't be wrong. A degree from LUMS would open doors for you in almost any local company and it has an excellent reputation internationally as well.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc8190/kuch_milgae_ga/
 sat 1300, matric 99%, fsc 87% ..... sbasse-mghs 
Inshallah
Anxiety mil sakti hai sath mai admission bhe inshallah
I had matric 95% Fsc part-I 87% LCAT, got my acceptance. You have a solid chance but I assume you're on a gap year
Is gap year a bad thing?
Depends on how you utilize it
kia chaiye
Apki rae
nai milegi
Mil gae

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc805f/acceptance_credentials/
 

In reply to an email to [helpdeskAO@lums.edu.pk](mailto:helpdeskAO@lums.edu.pk) regarding ACCEPTANCE CREDENTIALS

With reference to your query, this is to inform you that in the UG class of 2027/28, our incoming batch boasted impressive credentials such as an average of 94% marks in Matric, 90% marks in FSc/ICS, 8A’s in O-levels and/or a SAT score of 1350. Moreover, since the acceptance rate is dependent on the applicant pool, it varies each year.
mere bhai, pehle hi phatt rahi hai, mazeed na phaaro.

 shukriya
Again, it means that there were lower, that's why it's the average. It would've been a boast if it were the MODE of the data.
Yar stat math nahi ata mere ko. Mode is the most popular data point while average is just average, right?
Yes, mode will be the most frequent data, while average is your neighborhood Spiderman.
Ooo
I got in with 87% fsc, don't lose hope.
&gt;Moreover, since the acceptance rate is dependent on the applicant pool, it varies each year.

What's this year's acceptance rate??
I have slightly better creditionals than this average but still no acceptance (HSS social sciences) :(

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc73nh/what_are_my_chances/
applied for politics and economics at mgshss

96% matric

86% fsc

1310 sat

a decent personal statement ( got into stony brook with the same ps)

exceptional essay (the one where you tell why this degree)
In reply to an email to [helpdeskAO@lums.edu.pk](mailto:helpdeskAO@lums.edu.pk) regarding ACCEPTANCE CREDENTIALS

 With reference to your query, this is to inform you that in the UG class of 2027/28, our incoming batch boasted impressive credentials such as an average of 94% marks in Matric, 90% marks in FSc/ICS, 8A’s in O-levels and/or a SAT score of 1350. Moreover, since the acceptance rate is dependent on the applicant pool, it varies each year. 
Average means there were lower. It would've been a boast if it were the MODE of the data, if you know what I mean.
There were lower but not that much people because the highest value can be 100 while the lowest can be 70 so taking the average of them and still getting a high average means more higher scores
Well, maybe we aren't counting on the fact that there might be exceptional cases, like poor grades but started a successful business or smthng. Well, God knows what and what not, better leave this on him.
so im not getting in
why this degree
since when they have been asking for this supplement?
they do..right?
yeah they do..
Bruh you are definitely get in how are you even confused about it

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc5aci/acceptance_batches/
When was the most recent batch of acceptances rolled out? and whats the next expected?
No one knows, they are random af
I've heard that the next one is going to be around mid May to end of May, not sure though
25th April around 7pm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc33th/economics/
What's minimum criteria for Economics at LUMS.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc2y8q/fee_challan_for_sahsol/
can anyone who got accepted in sahsol tell how much fees they have to pay for the sem, as i need to write it in the financial aid form 
I’d respond happily except they didn’t give any response yet🫶
What were your creds?
What are the average requirements for acceptance in SAHSOL?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc19jo/i_wish_ajj_raat_ko_ap_sab_ko_acceptances_aa_jyen/

Ameen ap ki zuban pe ghee shakar ☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️
Hey there, I would like to recommend to you and other deserving students who are still waiting for their admission decision to stay grounded in reality and not get too carried away with expectations. It's always good to have backup options in case things don't work out as planned. While I hope that all deserving students get accepted, if not LUMS, then what?"
Aj rat ani hai?
Ameen
ameeeen
Second round ki aaj se Ani Hain?
yea around 2am 25th
How do you know
many said they are announcing decisions week to week.. and its been a week since first batch.. and most decisions came out at 2am
How do you know?!?!?
How do ukkk???
Kisi ko acceptance aai abhi?
Ameen
Ameen
Ameen
Aj raat ko tou kisi ki nazar nai ayi acceptance. Wouldn’t it be on sunday?
Has anyone received acceptances today?
Lads, it's officially :ijtmai dua time zoom" jaisay CAIEs kay liye ki thi 🤠🤠

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc17ko/financial_aid_query_please_help_before_i_cry_and/
Oki so the caption might have given it away but in case it hasn't, I'm really stressed. I filled my entire financial aid form, mentioned that I am on rent, have automobiles, bank accounts and utility bills . But when I went to the document checklist to upload my documents they ONLY ASKED ME FOR CNICS AND FAMILY CERTIFICATES.
 I am totally freaking out. I have emailed lums twice mentioning that i think there is some glitch in the system or some issue. They have been of absolutely no help. I do not know what to do that the option to upload these documents appears. If anyone has ANY advice please let me know. I have CAIEs in a week and this is the last thing I should be crying about
Call lums tomorrow and wait for their reply. The reply usually comes in two working hours time.
Could you give me a number
Sure,
(042) 35608000
Please try contacting them. They will respond to your query.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc0lz5/help/
Does physical letter come first or does the admission portal get updated first??
First portal, then email, then you will receive a courier.
Portal

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cc0625/what_unis_other_than_lums_havewill_yall_appliedy/
Title (also those who just wanna see the results can select 'Non of your BUSINESS' option)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cc0625)
Lse 🔝
which program?
Is lse a good option ,i also want to consider it?
Yes
I applied abroad and have gotten in
i only applied to IBA and got in... don't know why im lurking here tho
any tips on how to prepare
I prepared from IBAGrads coursepack (selling mine in pristine condition). It covers most of the expected topics but since there is no specified syllabus, its more of a luck thing. I had about 20 maths mcqs left at the end of the exam, and I had to just randomly fill in the answers.
Bro any tips for the test r2 and wht was ur score? Like any time management or anything?
LUMS and IBA
I'll prolly go abroad if I don't get into LUMS. None of the other local universities cater to my interests and goals.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbv5yz/admission_status/
I checked the admission portal and there is a tab for admission status but i cannot click it , like its not working . What's going on?

https://preview.redd.it/e0uw56i4rewc1.png?width=1300&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fcc4fcf483422677f8bea141b81c6f8a61c1269d
Maybe LUMS decided to take back it's acceptance 💀
nah i checked like 5 minutes before this but there was no admission status tab . But Who knows...
did you check it on your phone?
I can't find it on phone . Probably a glitch
yea
[deleted]
good for you
[deleted]
who did i deceive ? I am as worried as others , i still haven't gotten my acceptance yet .
[deleted]
Bro cmon . Go to [https://admissions.lums.edu.pk/application/admission-status.php](https://admissions.lums.edu.pk/application/admission-status.php) and you will see it too probably .
It wasn't there before , they probably added it some time ago
[deleted]
Sent you screen recording . I understand that you are frustrated by why would i lie about not being able to get my acceptance ?
Dude chill ignore maro and yes admissions tab is empty for most of us rn phone pe to a hi ni rha atm
I have tried, but can't be added by inspect tool maybe used koe software!
He just changed the link!! bravo!! Nice 😂
You know that it had to be in all capital right?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbv34e/scared/
Hey. I'm pretty scared regarding my admission because I haven't received any decision even though I thought my credentials were good enough. I have a 1500 SAT, 1A* 3As in A Levels and 9A*s and 1 A in O Levels. My Scientific Aptitude Test went decent, not great.
If ur scared i should kill myself
real
I was in top 100 with slightly worse grades, so youre in good shape here lol relax. My decision came a little later as well
Is it possible to be in top 100 even if decision came a bit later?
It wasnt much later than the others, just delayed by a few days, may have been a courier thing
Oh ok.
But what was the trend followed by LUMS to share their decisions at a time when you got admission.
Like was it same as it is now?
I dont know about now, but back then acceptances came in waves. So many got released first, then some a little while later.
[deleted]
nah dw much. inki buss timing hi aisi hai. my credentials were same for the most part and got into sdsb Alhamdulillah. Chor do for a qhile and open the portal May start
What is this lums?
holy shit how were you not in the top hundred
They judge their top 100 by just looking at your grades and the SAT. OP’s sat is actually on the lower end for that
Disagree with that. I have a 1500 and I am top 100. My friend has a 1490 and he is top 100.
By that logic, I should also be in the top 100
idk but being in the top 100 doesn't matter to me man I just wanna get in
March sat?
nah August 2022
Currently praying on your down fall
what did I do to you? 😭😭
what?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbv0be/sahsol/
do we have to submit the lat report physically to the admissions office ? And what else do we submit I’m so confused please help 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbuuh3/what_should_i_do/
I have applied for sdsb with 1310 scores ,but i am worried about anyhow i want to get into any good business school in pakistan with this SAT score any suugestions ?
I am done with preparing for SAt i dont want to appear again
You can get into IBA, I think you qualify for their interview stage with that score.
Do you have any how many seats they have for sat basis?
No, sorry I dont.
But hojaega, getting into IBA isnt that difficult
Do they consider our 2 and 3 rd prefernces ?
Man just apply to IBA, mostly all people I know including myself applied to both LUMS and IBA and because many got into LUMS and IBA was just safety so most seats will get vacant as not all got in will go to IBA. You can easily get into IBA

And they don’t have specific number of seat for SAT.
1450+ admission without interview
1270+ admission after interview.
Does iba consider our form for 2nd and 3rd prefences like if i apply for
Bba
Eco 
Social sciences 
Will they consider me for the rest?
nope u can clear the entry test (easy hota studied 2 din and got into humanties but wasn’t my preferred school) unke sat requirements are really high r1 mai i rmbr it started on 1450+ for business school. can send u the list in dm if u want
send me
Doesn't matter. You should get into HSS easily with this score (depending on your O/A level grades) and then you can either always try for a shift to SDSB (not as practical tbh) or you could choose to study something like econ but do a major in one of the SDSB streams and take lots of electives. At the end, it wouldn't matter as much what your major is.
Same sat score and same case btwi I'll be applying for iba for r2

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbtlxu/school_possibilities_urgent_pls_help/
So basically which school has the most chances here?  
I have 6A\*s and 2As in my O levels. 1A 2Bs in my A levels. My ACT score is 27 (equivalent to SAT score of **1260-1290).**  
Can I get into SBASSE or SDSB with this? What if I don't make it to any? (It just hurts man)
Hss social sciences stream is the easiest, after that sahsol
miss scene hai ( I have no idea tbh)
You mean I can't get into LUMS?
nah i was kidding...no one knows that except for the admission committee.
 Bro apply everywhere LUMS IBA Nust LSE (Allah behtar kare ga) but keep your choices open
SAHSOL or HSS is easier to get into. Take HSS honestly. Shouldn't matter

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbsq5s/need_help/
Does anyone know from previous experience when the second batch of acceptances will be out, incase someone doesnt get accepted in the first batch. Secondly do student only receive physical letter or online too because I shifted houses after my application submission, so I probably wont be able to receive any letters.
You will first receive acceptance through email and on portal, and if they send you physical copy, and the courier rider is unable to find you then he will probably call you, so you can tell your new address.

Secondly nobody knows the exact pattern of receiving acceptances, maybe the next batch might be after month or even tonight

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbrw06/important/
Yar apply bhi kr diya , tension bhi le li , admit bhi ho gea , ab abu ko fees kese btaun ?
Present the case that LUMS is close to any mid level US university and minimum expense in such US university per year would be around USD 40K (greater than 1 crore). You will be completing the degree in LUMS in even less than 1 crore. So your dad will save 3 crore.
Considering the high cost of attendance in the US, LUMS is now the most reliable option. The exposure and freedom provided by LUMS is comparable, or even better than, some of the top 200 universities in the US.
did you apply for aid?
Nope
lmao then are you worrying about?
ask your daddy to pay for tuition -\_+
Koi adan hal bto yar ?
Ask him you need 1 Crore and then after 10 years you repay him 10 crores and see the money coming out of his pocket
Yakeen mano bro , mere  abu me akal he
Abu se kaho abu ji scheme sunan. Mein jaon ka lums, wahan parho ka business management us ka laga ke 1 crore. Phir mein business karon ga bad mein, gis ke paisa bhi ap ne hi dene ha obv 1 crore chalan ga. Phir agar hit tou ap ka 2 crore wapis warna na hi samjhain
Bhai yeji kaha tha,   abu ne thapar mar kr jaidad se aagh kr diya he

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbrh6a/fikar/
O levels mai 5A\* 4A aur sat mai 1350 lekar socha tha pata nahi konsa marka marliya easily Sdsb ya at least Hss econ mai ho jaye ga lekin jidher dekho uska sat 1400 ya usse uper hai. Na tou Lums decision bhej raha hai koi uper sai dil itna bhari rehta hai kyunkai sab dosto ka lums mai ho gaya. Ami aur behnai samjhati hain kai koi baat nahi agar lums mai na hoa aur options hoti hai Allah behtri karne wala hai. Unke samne decisions ka zikar nahi karta itna takai wo khud na pareeshan ho jaye. Namaz mai parhta nahi tha pehle regularly ramadan bhi aise hi guzra aur ab sochta hoon tou azhad nadamat mehsoos hoti hai. Khair namaz tou mene parhna shuru ki hai agai Allah behtri karde and please do remember me in your prayers.
[removed]
Exactly same stats and situation bas SAT 1370 hai. What school did u apply for
[removed]
IA youll get in. I only applied to SSE 😢
Same I also applied sse with similar stats
Brother thorda wait kro In Shaa Allah ho jae ga, your grades are actually good, abhi to max 200 logoon ko acceptance mili ha aur total koi 1000-1200 logoon ko acceptance milni hoti, agr inn 200 bachoon main bhi 1370-80 waloon ki acceptance aa rhe ha to fikar mt kro In Shaa Allah bht jald 1200/1300 waloon ko bhi acceptance ajae gi, just have faith, Allah behtreen krne waloon main sy ha
First mistake is to expect decisions this early. The majority haven't gotten it yet (including me), I know it makes you anxious but there's literally nothing you can do. If I look at your creds objectively I won't say anything about sdsb but for hss econ you're not an average candidate, you're a good one so keep your hopes high.
be positive and have faith in ALLAH SWT
Allah khuch ko day kr aur khuch lay kr azmata hy.Allah ka maann kr rha hoga keh ap us sy aur mangain .Thats it.
azhad nadamat kia hota ha
guilt ig ya sharam mehsoos karna over smth
I can understanddddd I’ll pray loads for youuuu don’t worry just have firm faith in Allah SWT and believe in yourself, yaad rakho there was hope even in the belly of whale Allah behtari karnay wala hai Baki I’ll remember you in your prayers august tak acceptances sanı hain have patience ajayegi acceptance don’t worryyyyy

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbqq72/should_i_lose_hope/
1A* 5A's a good profile overall
Messed up my Lcat maths really bad 
Applied to SDSB first pref and Economics as second 
This past year has been insanely hard on me i have no hope of getting in dk what i should do
Have the same grades as you, goodluck friend!
Did you get in?
I'll apply next session, I just finished my AS year.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbo5ww/chance_me/
I got 2A* 3A's in o levels. 3A* and 1 A in a levels. 35 Act score. Decent extracurriculars (mostly sports) and a good p.s. Do i have a chance???
35 act score is like 1550-1590 on sat so considering you don’t have many c and d in O level you’re easily getting in.
Thanks man rrly appreciate it
You didn't catch the sun in your hands unfortunately. You’re out
Im genuinely scared 😭🙏. Jiske bhi o levels grades dekho toh 7a* 2As waghaira hi hai. My o levels are mid.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbo41c/sat_march_got_in/
Anyone with SAT score got around 1300-1350 got into sdsb?
My batch is years ago so I am not entirely sure it applies but tons of people with this SAT score got it. HSS is confirmed with this score. Might get SDSB as well
Are u a lums alumni bro?
My have 90% in fsc ,i proodread my ps from harvard student it was well written and ecs were good and three were related to business ,but my matric marks are 73 % ,still i am worried i donno they have not updated march sat givers  portals yet
wow my fsc is 72 but my matric is 92. We’re both in a similar boat
[deleted]
haha 
glad to know i’ve got similar peers
yea, what's your sat score?
1400 wby??

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbl8ei/sdsb_chances/
I have 95% IGCSE equivalence 1A 3B in AS (dropped 1 subject where I had B for A2) and 1410 SAT. Bad ecs (1 unrelated one) and I think decent PS. So do you think I can get in?
You'll most probably get in dont worry

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbjh8p/help_me_decide/
I have 3 options on my hand right now and I need to make a decision really quickly now. Study in my own home country LUMS or go aboard to US or UK.

For UK, I have been accepted into Durham but unfortunately my estimated cost of attendance is about 45k USD per year which is honestly… too much. Obviously, the education will be good but I don’t think I’ll be able to ever justify such a big amount. 

As for the US, the top universities have given me similar estimated CoA as for the UK unis, however there are a few top 200 unis (which are considered an average uni in the US) that are offering me almost tuition free fees. Still, the cost of living in the US is much greater so there’s still an average cost of attendance of 20k yearly which I can afford but once again, I find it hard to justify it. 

Now as for LUMS, it is by far the cheapest option I have. The university is super close to my homeand the tuition fees are very reasonable. But I guess I’m afraid I won’t like the environment. Don’t get me wrong, it’s just I have this stereotypical image in my head that I won’t feel as comfortable as a woman there. I do follow Islam very religiously but I still tend to have fairly progressive opinions that I feel might offend people there. I have always lived in Doha and have barely visited Pakistan because my parents were always obsessed with traveling to other countries so I guess that adds a bit uncertainty as well. The university itself seems very prestigious, it’s ranked at top 500 globally and I’ve heard many great things about it. 

I’m honestly lost because I have no clue what I really want in my future. If I choose LUMS, I’ll be able to bring my mother to Pakistan for emotional support if anything does go wrong but I’ll also be setting my career for mainly Pakistan which won’t be much rewarding financially but I honestly don’t care much about that in my life. Best of all, I won’t feel guilty at all for spending a big amount of money on my education. 

If I go for the US unis, I’ll have to go all alone very far away from everyone I know but I will be able to have a great uni life at the cost of it. I won’t be able to settle in the US obviously, but it will definitely put me at a favorable position to get a job in the Middle East and live close with my family again. 

 
i don't think you'll be antagonized at lums for your progress views. It has a reputation for being very liberal and inclusive
i think you'll be surprised at how many like-minded people you'll find at lums. and being close to home is always a plus, i've heard from friends how difficult it is to settle abroad, the homesickness is real! i was going through the same thing some time ago, for me the main factor in deciding to stay in pakistan was not having to work while being a student to pay bills etc, because it really is very expensive, and i wouldn't be able to enjoy my student life being stressed and busy all the time. i suggest asking anyone you know who's studying abroad and see their point of view. as for me, i'd say lums is a very good option!
Let me address this for you. Firstly, we need to break the stereotypes and not listen to our toxic society. We all know that LUMS is a very liberal and diverse university, where students from all backgrounds come together. You can practice your progressive opinions and find a supportive community at LUMS. Being a devoted Muslim, you can spend your time with like-minded people there. There is a very active Islamic community that often organizes many events and engages students in Islamic activities, so you don't need to worry about this particular thing. I can assure you that your four years at LUMS would be the best time of your life.



Regarding US and UK universities, in my opinion, if it's not in the top 50 universities, then going there won't give you much of an advantage considering the high cost. You can get the same level of education or maybe better exposure at LUMS than the top 200 US universities. If your goal is not to go to the US and you want to settle in the Middle East, then you don't necessarily need to go to the US. LUMS also has a very good international reputation, and their placement rate is very high, so you don't need to worry about the job. Additionally, you can pretty much get into top universities for your masters, whether in the US or UK (most of LUMS students go to these top US and UK universities for their grad admissions).
Bro it depends on your choice of course aswell
If its IT based go to US its preferred 


If its a business course or social sciences or humanities maybe tou could stay in pakistan


Thing abt UK is that its js 3 yrs instead of 4 n there tou can do a year of placement too

If money is an issue you could either email the UK US unis asking for scholarship which they acc do give out like this

Or you could stay at LUMS and do your masters abroad.

Going abroad really is an eye opener ad it opens you to the world of opportunities 

Or you could stay st lums and try to go for the semester abroad option there

Durham is an amazing uni tho iwl

Dont feel guilty for spending money on education as the better the education and the institute is the better job youll get helping you to repay for ur education costs
Going to us may be the most fruitful in my opinion. An average university abroad will give your degree more worth than any degree from here. An especially as somebody who's lived in Middle East; settling in pakistan can be a huge challenge. Don't forget that big investments also come with bug rewards. And the best investment you can make is investing in good education. Pakistani degrees don't have much value especially if u plan to settle outside pakistan in the future.
Go to LUMS. Save your paisa for grad school.
I am in similar kind of situation, but the thing about paisa is that, by going to USA, I have asked from uni Pakistani Graduates and they say uni have amazing placements and all have 100-200k per year jobs right after. So MBA can be done afterwards like executive MBA. But after LUMs you can go but MBA is really expensive and landing that Kind of job is very hard. So I am really confused….
Bro I'm in the same situation . Have you asked Pakistani students in the USA who did Bachelors ?
Please let me know
And Scholarship for masters in US/UK is non-existent like only 2-3 students from all around the world. So yeah if you have plans to do masters from aid or scholarship afterwards. It’s impossible unless you have 60-70k per year for full fee…
Hi, I got into like 10 unis (in business major) but the good ones are offering 50-80% scholarship. And normal ones are giving only 100%. So Depauw is offering me 100% and my parents can’t afford more than (15-20k dollars) so some of my big brother batch mates had done undergrad from Depauw. I asked them specifically about Depauw. Now they told it is a liberal arts college. LAC has benefits as low number of students, 20-30 student classes, close knit community, etc. But disadvantages as they don’t come in world ranking, Depauw specifically is 2 hours away from Chicago so in a village type area (but now like Pakistani village USA village are even better than our cities).

They told, uni get them placements and most had 100-200k dollars per year jobs in Amazon right after graduation. Some even 300-400k if they do CS.

Conclusion I got from talking to a lot of LUMS and USA graduates:
If you want to do job in Pakistan LUMS SDSB is best option.
But if you want to do job in foreign (anywhere outside Pakistan), USA (for me Depauw) is best option.
Because although LUMs is somewhat recognised a little in US but getting a job is a lot harder and less pay as compared to even normal Uni in USA bcz Uni has its own placements and internships so you know the culture.

Secondly, most are working in companies and they told: they are specifically directed by management to NOT to hire from South Asia except India. Like hire from all around the world and India except South Asia. So job hunting after LUMS in international is difficult.

So if you want to do job in foreign: USA
In Pakistan: LUMS
Thank you very much for such a detailed response . I am really grateful . Can you please check your inbox ?
Which dept you habe got into and ur credentials?
Go abroad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbfbdo/has_anyone_ever_been_accepted_with_1050_sat_in/
I did bad in SAT but have really good extra curriculars and personal statements.
Ik ppl with 1100 who got in pichly saal, SAT doesnt really matter for law
What's your other creds?
98 percent in metric, 80 percent in F.S.c. Wen many awards in boy scouts on a provincial and National level. Won many parliamentary debate tournaments at National level. I was an executive member of many societies in my F.S.c

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbdq7b/shall_i_double_major_csbuisness_please_those/
Salam, I have applied to LUMS and will apply to IBA this year for r2, and I plan to pursue BBA(IBA)/ ACF(LUMS). As, I wanted to major in digital marketing/ project management, which bridges both fields. I plan to do a double major in CS. Do you recommend pursuing both together? I'll be completing a virtual CS degree while attending BBA/ACF classes at IBA/LUMS onsite. The main reason for pursuing a BBA/ACF from thes prestigious university is my strong interest in business. I believe studying at IBA/LUMS would greatly enhance my networking opportunities and personal growth. . Essentially, my plan is to make it to my dream school, Wharton Business School inshallah. Another concern I have is that if I choose only one degree, like a business degree, I think i could focus more on internships and hands-on projects. However, if I pursue both degrees simultaneously, I may struggle to engage deeply in either field. What do you recommend? Would a double major benefit me if my goal is to study in the US, or is it not advisable? Considering the prestige, networking opportunities, and socialization at IBA/LUMS, what would be the best path forward?

Though my SAT score is pretty low, and I don't think I'll make it to LUMS Business School, but again, thanks to God, being pre-med, I did the best I could. I will be applying for IBA via SAT scores as it meets the benchmark. I am pretty optimistic, Inshallah, I'll make it there.
And do you think it's doable? Do you know someone who is doing this? And how are they going
BS ACF isn't a joke! You can't manage it unless you have 48 hours per day. I will never recommend you. Baqi apki marzi .  
2nd If you wanna open a business school then ask yourself why do you wanna create a new one if there exists thousands.   
3rd. InShaAllah you will make into IBA. GL (Am also coming there!)
Yeah bahi even initially i was pretty skeptical, i was thinking like its doabale but now realized i may be able to go through it but I won't be able to excel in either due to this case (like won't be able yo participate in internships / competetions etc)
2nd bahi i dont want to creat a Buisness school but i want to join Wharton buisness school gor grads inshllah
3rd thanks for good wishes bahi , i cross bench mark for interview with 1310 sat score. Inshllah things wil go right. (Even I'll make it to lums this year, as there are kafi chances bcz my overall profile was pretty strong, i guess I'll join iba bcz of affordability and all) inshllah we'll meet in iba boss!
Us bro us

I am also planning to join IBA for same reason. Aur I have also met the benchmark, lekin ma test bhi dy raha. If you wanna give it too you can Dm me. we can prepare together. for direct admission
Oo okay i guess preparing for test would be a wise option too since we can get direct admission but its maths is really tough that's something concerning especially bcz of being a pre medical student. Anyhow ia we'll both make it
ACF expertise is beneficial for those interested in digital marketing and product management. It provides specialized knowledge in financial analysis and risk management, giving graduates an edge over the broader business education provided by BBA programs. As a fellow student, I do not recommend pursuing BBA as it offers very little potential in the job market. Instead, I suggest going for ACF or management sciences that can develop analytical skills and specialized knowledge, leading to a successful career and high-paying job in the corporate sector.



It is important to note that ACF is a challenging and technical field, and CS is even harder. If you plan to double major, you will have to take extra courses per semester, transfer credits, and manage time meticulously, and it will leave you with no time for extracurricular activities or hanging out with friends. I do not recommend double majoring unless you are a super genius. not sure about IBA but being a LUMS student you would have the luxury to take free electives from SSE or another school of LUMS or you could minor in CS or computing so would also get a chance to study CS at LUMS  
  
prioritize LUMS for ACF or management sciences, I hope you get accepted. But if not, IBA is also a very good option to pursue ACF. I hope you make it to Wharton IA.
InshaAllah, brother, thanks for the suggestions! I'll keep everything in mind. After what you've said, I'm researching about BBA/ACF, especially ACF. As you know, career counseling here is lacking, so I'm doing everything on my own. However, I'm not finding the specific information I need. For example, why choose ACF if I want to be a digital marketer/project manager? Why not BBA? Can you please provide information, as the content on YouTube/Reddit is scattered, and everything is mixing up? Even now, I have the chance to choose ACF/BBA in IBA.
dm me
What is your SAT score ?you have excat same suitation as of mine .i am plaining to appear again for june Sat for apply for iba .i havr 1310 score but i am worried i will not be ablt to make it as iba is meirt based
Bro, as far as I know, the benchmark score always stays at 1270. So, you cross the benchmark, and I do too with a 1310 SAT score. Currently, I am preparing for an IBS interview and immersing myself in digital marketing, e-commerce, and other endeavors. Initially, I was mentally upset, wondering what I would do. For a couple of weeks, I focused on studying for the NTS test, then for a week on NAT, which makes us eligible for many universities. However, being a gap year student, it freaked me out as I had to revisit subjects like chemistry, biology, and physics, which I had forgotten over a year. Planning to continue my own business, launched a month ago, and taking a digital marketing course are part of my strategy. Additionally, I'll be taking other courses to enhance my skills. I believe this preparation will help me crack the interviews, rather than waiting until the last minute to prepare. I've also involved myself in volunteering with a top organization. I highly recommend that you also engage in activities that will aid you in your interviews. Consider participating in mock interviews, which can be quite beneficial. Inshallah, we will succeed. From my perspective, preparing for interviews is much easier than aiming for a 1460 on the SAT. Spending 35k on the test isn't worth it if you've already secured an interview opportunity. If I can enter the university via interview, why take the SAT again? There's always uncertainty about achieving the desired score. This is my approach, and you could consider adopting it too.
What is your SAT score ?you have excat same suitation as of mine .i am plaining to appear again for june Sat for apply for iba .i havr 1310 score but i am worried i will not be ablt to make it as iba is meirt based
Bro, as far as I know, the benchmark score always stays at 1270. So, you cross the benchmark, and I do too with a 1310 SAT score. Currently, I am preparing for an IBS interview and immersing myself in digital marketing, e-commerce, and other endeavors. Initially, I was mentally upset, wondering what I would do. For a couple of weeks, I focused on studying for the NTS test, then for a week on NAT, which makes us eligible for many universities. However, being a gap year student, it freaked me out as I had to revisit subjects like chemistry, biology, and physics, which I had forgotten over a year. Planning to continue my own business, launched a month ago, and taking a digital marketing course are part of my strategy. Additionally, I'll be taking other courses to enhance my skills. I believe this preparation will help me crack the interviews, rather than waiting until the last minute to prepare. I've also involved myself in volunteering with a top organization. I highly recommend that you also engage in activities that will aid you in your interviews. Consider participating in mock interviews, which can be quite beneficial. Inshallah, we will succeed. From my perspective, preparing for interviews is much easier than aiming for a 1460 on the SAT. Spending 35k on the test isn't worth it if you've already secured an interview opportunity. If I can enter the university via interview, why take the SAT again? There's always uncertainty about achieving the desired score. This is my approach, and you could consider adopting it too.
Which intetview you are talking anout bro  ,i am losing hope for sdsb though i ahve 90% in fsc i have 5 awards 6 decent extracs and my Ps very well written but i am doubt and thinking to preapre for sat to apply for iba /nust 
But  i am done with preparing for it again
No bro for nust you'll need 1530+ i guess and for such an indiotic institute of buisness why would someone apply wuth sat? Beside thats see iba ka seen is like once you cross 1270 then you are eligbal for interview but for direct admission you'll have to take sat again and score 1460+ soo see what you wanna do. Though my marks in matrix and fsc were (88%, 81%) respectively and had Volunteerering whith UN, internships with TATA/ red bull, certification Courses from; wharton/ Cambridge/ UN/ meta /google but again iam not really sure what'll happen at end inshllah sahi hoga
For nust bba is it really that much high?
Bro, LUMS and IBA are brands, actually, but NUST is pretty new in buisness. I wouldn't prefer it unless I am not selected for either.
nust is pretty good for cs tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cbcpy5/physical_letters_and_scholarships/
**Some people are saying the top 100 kids are getting letters is that true??** I recently got accepted into SSE and the whole acceptance process is so confusing. I also got the physical letters but nothing about me getting a scholarship of any kind and I saw some ppl saying they got it tho. Is it because I applied for fin aid that I haven't been told abt my scholarship or did I just.... not get it. Would love for someone to answer my questions id appreciate it.
It’s not true. Acceptances are coming randomly. Physical letters are sent to everyone. They’ll receive it with time.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb9kfe/help_pls/
Heyy I wanna know if we like self financed the seat, matlab lums ka quota hota hai kei seat khareed ley for like business ya sirf merit pei hota?
There are no quotas for admission. All students are evaluated based on merit alone.
lol
bhai mujhe bhi khareed dei aik ammi se kahunga roz fajr ke baad dua karein tere lie
mzak krrha lmao merit pei milta admission

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb8yg1/lgat_24/
Anyone here appearing for lgat this weekend? 
Yes
How long did you prep for?
Probably a week.. will give o Sunday lol
Not me
yes
How long did you prep for?
Not started yet. Dont have time to prep for it now. focusing on subject specific test
Sahi bata yar
Sahi bta rha hun. lgat tyaar krne beth gya to subject test reh jana hai. Lgatai tukkay lag sakte hain. subject specific test mai mushkil hai. Lgat ka prep material DM kro
I have no prep material on me.
I haven’t got the time. Im just going in for a tukka
What are you applying to
Mphil education leadership wala program
Goodluck. Admission mai test scores bohot matter krte hain btw
I know. Working quite a hectic schedule time nahi laga
Subject specific test ?
CS walon ka hota hai. Ap kis mai apply kr rhe ho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb8phm/handling_anxiety_building_support/
Hey, there's been a lot of bizarre comments popping up on the LUMS Reddit lately. It's either some folks are lacking knowledge or just being outright insensitive. i would suggest them please do some research before making any silly comment coz this is aint no funny at this time.

Plus, there's a lot of anxiety among potential students who haven't received their acceptances yet. They're resorting to "chance me" posts, sharing their credentials and seeking reassurance from fellow LUMS aspirants. But since nobody knows who'll get in and who won't, it's leading to more uncertainty and weird comments. Let's keep it supportive and respectful, folks. We're all in this together. And if you're feeling really anxious, consider seeking help from professionals. Posting "chance me" posts won't alleviate your anxiety; in fact, it might exacerbate it with silly comments from fellow students. Remember, we've all done our best, so let's hope for the best and have faith in Allah SWT. He's the one who can pave a better path for us all.
True bro
Mashallah Bro

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb8944/scholarship_help/
Are scholarships decisions sent later for people who have applied for financial aid? Or does everyone who receives a merit scholarship get the letter with their acceptance package
visit the link below for authentic information  
[https://financial-aid.lums.edu.pk/financial-aid-faqs](https://financial-aid.lums.edu.pk/financial-aid-faqs)
Ok thank you!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb83r9/sdsb_chancesyour_attention_means_alot/
O Levels : 5A* 2A 1B
Fsc(complete): 90.3%
SAT(march): 1380
Awards: 9
Decent:Ecas
P.S: very good.
A similar profile has already got into sdsb so you're gonna make it too IA
Thanks.Humbled
I would say a pretty good chance. Good Luck!
In sha Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb7he1/sending_sat_score/
I have not send sat scores to lums from college board.i o ly attached score report on application.does this affects my application?
Last year my friend got in without sending scores, but he was given a deadline to submit it through college board after his acceptance, don't know about this year
no but if you get in then they would require you to sent score. so right now if you haven’t got in so there’s no need to waste your money.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb7gdz/lums_jaani_ab_mazaak_nai_raha/
bara khwaar kiya aap logon ne sse test ke wakt aur app ke wakt bhi yaar jani log ab mazaak nai rha kuch toh jawaab dedo 🥺🥺🥺
I've accepted my fate, good luck y'all ‼️
LCAT and sse test definitely worst experience of my life
1:30 ajao magr gate hum 3:30 kholengay 🤡🤡
or kuch khaane ka na lao kiu k hum roza rakhwaengy
Same Idk what I did in it
real 😔🙏🏼

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb7fcv/has_anyone_or_know_of_anyone_who_has_gotten_in/


Yes .At 1290 SAT
Did you?
Nope,but i saw in whats app group.
which whatsapp group?
Yep, HSS and SAHSOL mostly
Which hss stream though
Back in my day, HSS was not divided in streams. You got into HSS and then selected your major at the end of sophomore year so not surely really.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb6asx/march_sat_applicants/
Did anyone who gave the sat in march 2024 get accepted yet?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb669z/have_acceptances_paused/
I was seeing a lot of them being posted on this subreddit a couple days ago but recently didnt come across them? plus Im waiting for my own so really anxious. Anyone knows when the next wave of decisions will be released
[removed]
Howcome
InshAllah bro. Lets Hope jaldi jaldi aye taqe tension khatam ho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb648b/need_advicehelp/
Alhamdulillah, I recently got accepted into SSE, (CS as expected major and I am thinking of double majoring in CS and Economics &amp; Maths). 
I also have some offers from US colleges, College of Wooster and some other colleges, with substantial merit scholarships and financial aid after which my cost of attendance comes to around $24k per annum. Although it is a lot more expensive than LUMS, I would still be able to afford it with on-campus employment. My goal is to get into a top-ranked master's program in the US for quantitative finance (preferably on a full scholarship). Given LUMS's reputation in grad schools in the US, if I were to choose LUMS, what advantages/disadvantages would I have for master admissions as compared to if I had done a bachelors from, for example, College of Wooster, which is a top-ranked college for undergraduate research and they claim that 97% of their students get into their top-choice graduate program. 
I'd personally prefer LUMS ONLY IF my goal for a master's from a top-ranked US university won't be affected. 
Please guide me on what I should choose.
CS majors with a good gpa/research have a very high probability of getting into top programs. Most of my fellow batchmates got scholarships at top schools for PHD/master’s programs post LUMS.
Thank you so much!! This gives me a lot of ease that no matter what I choose (Alhamdulillah I have the opportunity to do so), and put in the hard work required, I can get my desired outcome.
What would you personally suggest?
Sorry this might be too late now but I always recommend people to do their bachelors from Pakistan and then move to the US for graduate school. It’s cheaper + gives you better job/work permit opportunities
honestly 24k per annum is still alot, but u can manage through on-campus job but its still gonna be exhausting. While in Lums u can easily complete ur bs and go for masters abroad, for masters i think if not enough scholarship you will again have to work for part-time or on-campus job. Lums will prb not affect ur masters admission since its such a top university. 
overall what i think abroad ek sath BS or MS karna is very exhausting (seen my czns go through it) so yea ig do BS here in LUMS.
still upto you, you can ask around come counsellors and see if u can manage.
Yeah that's the only reason that I'd prefer LUMS too (perks of living in Pak). But what do you think? How much more difficult would it be getting in a top masters program from LUMS as compared to from a college in the US?
Bro I'm in same position . Let's connect

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb35l6/chance_me/
5A* 2A 1B in o levels 1400 in sat 2A* 2A expected a level
bro you are in 100%
I have applied for sse will I get in there?
yes bro inshallah you have good grades. you will get in for sure bas ye acceptance results are random. hope to see you at lums
InshaAllah
similar stats. only difference is i have a gap year and got 2As 2 Bs in A Level. waiting for decision.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb2byk/removed_by_reddit/
[ Removed by Reddit on account of violating the [content policy](/help/contentpolicy). ]
Bro relax it’s only been two days 💀
huh ????? 8 days hogai hain. konsi chars peeti hain ap
Acceptances were released from 22nd not 15th
they started coming from 19 april
Nah it was most probably fake
The date written on the portal was the 19th even though I checked on the 22nd but that was because I couldn't find the right tab. They were actually sent out on the 19th.
hain?????????????????? oh phir theek ha i feel relaxed mwah :)
Yeah man no one got their acceptance before 22. Even Lums told us that acceptances will be released April end instead of mid April (someone posted screenshots of Lums portal saying this in the WhatsApp gc)
[deleted]
Bro two people in the Lums gc posted their acceptance letters which was fake asf because it mentioned that they got into their chosen degree. Whereas the actual letter only mentions the school you got in because your major is decided after a year based on your gpa.
oh alright
[ Removed by Reddit ]
advance DC lag jaigi terepr
There’s really no need to use racial slurs to act cool in-front of a bunch of redditors. These types of actions are really not appreciated at any institution including LUMS (this is coming from an alum).
Yaoun yaoun na karou
[ Removed by Reddit ]
Chill out ruman
meina muu tor dena sabka
It's okay ruman just chill daddy
ur giving that ' chill daddy' viral meme vibes'
That's exactly what I thought of when I wrote that mate 😩👅
bend over alr
can i join🥺
bro acceptances june mein bhi ati ha so abhi toh april bhi khatam nhi hoa
Bhai pahli baat to chill ajiga july ke end tak ati hain. Second baat why did you restrict yourself to just one uni itna confidence hai ke lums me hojana hai matlab bro baki unis ka teat dena chiyeh tha take sare unis ka rasta open hota. Anyways jo hogiya woh hogiya abh dua karo hoji IA hojiga👍.
I love how Pakistanis are so comfortable with using the n word😭😭
Bro language sahi istamal karlo warna blue haired ayesha from DHA will cancel you.
I know that the applicants feel anxious and are waiting for their acceptances but the thing is every year this happens on reddit and acceptances apnay time pe hi atee hain, you can not do anything about it. Just pray and hope for the best.  Every year this happens on reddit that august ke end tak people keep on asking here that "acceptances nahi araheen, late horahi hain, kyun nahi araheen and .etc. " i just want to tell that be prepared that this process is random and goes till the end of July or Aug(if waitlisted).

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb2bue/why_lums_not_providing_hostel_to_lahoris/
"AT THIS STAGE" what does that mean?
Because you live in lahore? Weirdo
aane jaane mai 2 hrs lgaa dein kya ab!!
Well.. abhi aaney jaaney mein 2 hrs nahi lag sktey tou Allah hi haafiz hai aapka if you enter corporate.
the thing is I wanna 4 year HOSTEL EXPERIENCE mann....Ghar Pr Reh Kr Kon si university life hoti yar..
Stay late at uni, then just go home to sleep
Explain your situation, they do accommodate, just tell that you live far away and have some kind of problems in travelling, just give them a genuine reason they will surely assist you
Obviously, it's very logical. You see, the students that are from far away need a place to stay, so they get the first priority. Otherwise they'd be stranded. You don't need it as you already live in Lahore, so yeah...
Who told you they are not providing hostels to Lahore residents? As far as I know, Lahoris are eligible to apply for hostels if they live far from LUMS, and they are very understanding and facilitate students to the best of their ability. I also live an hour's drive away from LUMS and will be applying for LUMS accommodation, InshaAllah. It will also give us a chance to enjoy campus life and spend even more time hanging out with friends.
Cus....they dont have enough resources as of yet...
to keep the bathrooms clean.
They can easily get a hostel when semester starts no issue
mil jai ga bhai chill kro
[removed]
mera to SAT score nh aya abhi tk boss...
Common LUMS W, I love them even more now😻
They do provide it but since they have limited space, preference is obviously given to outstation. My recommendation is to wait till the semester starts and then go talk to Housing. They always have some space for Lahoris which they give out towards the end

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb1mrn/any_march_sat_applicant_who_got_in/
If yes please drop your creds⬇️

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1cb1mrn)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb18v5/chance_me/
5A* And 4As in olevel, 3as and a B in As ,1320 Sat score 13 Awards and 7 EC. What are my chances of getting an acceptance from SDSB or economics field. Few of my friends have received their acceptance
similar creds, lower OL grades but a little high sat score. I am also waiting for decision
Chlo best of luck!!!
What were your friends’ creds who have got in? And did they also apply to sdsb and hss?
1350 Sat score and grades were similar to mine

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb0rpb/chance_me/
O level 5A* 1B, 3A in AS, 30 ACT Composite, 34 ACT STEM

MUN Best bloc

Volunteer in an event held by Pakistan consulate

Chance me for SBASSE chemical engineering.

I didn't get accepted yet, I'm kinda worried.
34 ACT is equivalent to 1500 SAT so ez scene ha bs dua karo ka jldi acceptance ajaye.
34 was only in STEM, coverall score was 30, which is equal to 1333 SAT. Just because I messed up the reading part my score was bad. Like I got 34 maths, 34 science, 32 English, 19 reading. Like reading is so hard in ACT they give you so less time for it.
apart from reading it’s good and btw 30 act is equal to 1340-1370 ( as per my info from google ). baki wohi ka keep praying since last year students with 1400+ were also rejected but some with below 1400 were accepted

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb0ji1/lums_application/
heyy everyone so I missed the application for fall 2024 and as of right now i am doin my A2, going to give papers in May June 2024 ( inshallah) but i missed the application for lums as undergraduate😭 so if i want to apply, would i apply for an undergraduate or a graduate since i would be done with Alevels! Ahh i am so confused, I don’t want to waste an year 
U will always be applying for undergraduate since that means doing your Bachelors degree. Applying for Graduate would mean doing masters etc. Regarding not applying, I'm pretty certain that LUMS only take application before the deadline of Jan 31 for the whole year for undergrad students. So if you want to go to LUMS you will have to take a gap year, however there are other option if u really don't want to take a gap year u could apply to NUST or to IBA, I'm pretty sure they do have the option of applying right now.
ohh yess thankuu so much, yes I am going to apply for nust but ig for IBA the applications are closed😭
IBA’s round 2 application are still open I just checked. Deadline for it is june 21, 2024. Which major r u applying in?
ohhh thannkuuu!! i am thinking to apply for business studies
try getting in iba and apply for transfer next year
ohh yess thankuu
hi! firstly you need to apply for undergrad
undergrad = bachelors 
graduate = masters
LUMS only has one deadline to apply which you missed so you can’t apply for 2024 however you can take a gap year and apply in 2025
If you don’t want to take one then you should apply to other colleges right now!! If u still like LUMS then you can transfer from those colleges by applying to LUMS as a transfer student in 2025 after completing your first year at another college.
thanku so much for clearing it out!! I am gonna do that
You will still be applying for undergrad but for next year. You can probably still apply for IBA.
is IBA good? what about nust?
None of them are bad tbh. I have met people from IBA and NUST. Some of my really good friends are from these universities, and all of them have great things to say about their universities. Obviously, all of them have grievances with the place they studied at, but those aren't any different from what people at LUMS feel

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cb02di/chance_me/
Has anyone with 1250 SAT , 3A*s and 5As in O levels gotten excepted yet?or a similar kind of a result.In law or HSS.please help.vibes achi nai arahien
my elder brother got into HSS 2 years ago... he had 7A\* 2B 1C and a 1240 SAT. he did have perfect transcript in his AL and excellent co-curriculars (business president, international events, event head for business event at school).  PS was mid, i wrote it for him in 30ish mins
So you're saying there's hope?
As my application was also filled by my elder brother
goodluck bhai, you'll get in hopefully. my brother was accepted in mid june btw. he got rejected from sdsb first preference, and accepted into HSS second preference
[deleted]
ive mentioned them above wdym LMFAO
Waiting with march sat
Did u send SAT conditional?
Yes
Sent thru collegeboard. Wby? Which months sat
Bro, I've got the same sat score as you. And yes vibes are not at all good 😭. Jis ko dekho 1400 SAT
Dw umeed pe dunya kaim hai
Haha yes🤞🤞
Can't really prepare for my cies too because of this.
Too hectic
Nahi these creds are below average. Zara mushkil lg raha hae
Not even in law?
I mean ur OL grades are good, but Sat is pretty low. Even for hss, but don’t know about law. AL grades kia thay?
A levels de raha abhi
No As
But my ecs were pretty good idk if they matter alot tbh
Bhai Tera koi chance nhi tow lse ja or football khel 
uder football achi h/

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cazb11/here/
h

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cazaqo/here/
h

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caza46/chance_me_be_brutally_honest/
MY CREDS ARE 

MATRIC  94%

INTER PART 1  91.4%

LCAT went good

PS Decent

ECA  2-3 

IT skills award

MUN Outsatnding diplomacy award
Your creds are good. What school did you apply to?
SBASSE only 
Sse cs actually 
What’s ur SAT score?
I only gave LCAT 
Chances are good. Don’t stress, Inshallah you’ll get in

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cayydq/chance_me/
matric 96.2%
inter 83.1%
sat 1330 
13-14 ecas. currently employeed in a US based software house as sales development representative. three years in student council as asst. head boy and head boy
preference: sdsb
Those are good creds. You have decent chances to get in. Also could you do me a favour and tell me about your employment at the software house? I would like to know the details. You can actually dm me about them
Yeah sure dm me what u want to know and i'll reply to you

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cay2rg/ibcc_equivalence/
Can any body guide me how can i get my ibcc 
equivalence and how much time does it take since Lums have given the deadline of 30 may
You go to your near IBCC office along with your result, ID Card and then wait in line to get apply for it. You usually get it in a week I believe or 2 weeks, however there is also the option of getting it urgently by paying more.
Ok thanks
Download form: https://ibcc.edu.pk/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/E2-British.pdf

Fill it and attach all required documents( mentioned in second page of form) an. Also, create a challan here: https://services.ibcc.edu.pk/?action=challan 

Print the challan and pay it in NBP first, then go to IBCC office and submit your form and documents and payment receipt.
Can we pay the fee online? B4 going to the office
Also in the challan form after father's name
Do we have to write our own cnic and number or father's??
Pls help asap
Wrote your own cnic
ok got it .thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caxy9o/200_seats_in_cs/
There are only 200 seats for CS. How much of a chance is there that after your first year you won’t be able to secure one? 

Its acc very reasonable you around 400 students. Ab obviously inma dosare majors bhi honge so even if I take out 100 ppl, un 300 ma se due to relativ grading 100 reh jain ge to meet their condition but they aent too singent about the 200 seats issay ziyada he hoti
I'm wondering if I'm able to meet the GPA requirement at the end of the first year is there still a chance that I won't get a seat for CS due to the increased competition for CS?
Oh nai uski tension na lo, if u meet it ull get the major as easy as that
Apparently it's flexible... That's at least what the SSE head for advising told us
Who said so?
It's written in the Conditional Offer!
I thought more than 400 ppl are accepted into sse
They have mentioned that as CS is high in demand, therefore we can accommodate more than 200 seats.
But at first everyone's accepted into sse

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caxo44/decisions/
As an applicant, I have asked around myself and the decisions are completely random. 1500s in SAT aren’t getting decisions before, 1300s aren’t getting them later. Many of my friends with 1300s and Bs and Cs in As level have gotten offers, and many with 1500s and all A*s haven’t. The order of your decision is not indicative of how strong your profile is. Best of luck!
Which friends with b and c in a levels got in? Which school?🥹🥹🥹
Mghss, it was her second preference.
What was her sat score?
1400
Oh ok.Sat score is good
What was her first preference-??!?!
SBASSE

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cawuqy/plz_chance_me/

3A* 5A 1B Olevels, 2 a 1b AS level, 2A*1A predicted A levels, 1410 SAT, Good ECAS. Will I get into SSE or should I start preparing for other university
your Sat is good and your grades are more than average (good actually). You have good chances
keep backup options as well

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cawsb7/scholarships/
Has anyone received any kind of scholarship( those who got accepted).
.Note that I am not talking about financial aid
There are few who have received merit scholarship for being in top 100 I think 50%
Are the scholarship decisions based upon your test score?
on your overall academic performance and the merit scholarship ranges from 50 to 100% off
So, it's not just test performance? That's a relief. Thankyou.
Meh
Yeah i have
what are ur credentials 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cawknw/ecas/
Guys, what kind of ecas do you all have who got selected?
None
ECAs don't matter for acceptance at LUMS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cawea6/freaking_out/
Now that the acceptances are coming out, and from what it seems everyone getting in has exceptional grades. This really is a bummer for me as I have a sat score of just 1250, applying to MGHSS and decent matric and f.sc grades( 93% and 85%). But now it seems impossible. I have prayed to Allah and believe He would help. I just want you guys to help me out and tell me if I would  even get waitlisted, forget being directly accepted after seeing these acceptances
Don't worry brother. In first phase, Lums give acceptances to the top students. Hope for best. Believe in Allah .Inshallah! you will be accepted.
Lums has a batch of around 1000-1200 students per year, and they have just released the first round of acceptances, I know most of them are 1500~ SAT but just see again there are even acceptances in 1350~ as well and it's just the first round, which means around only around max 150-200 people have got their acceptances and still they have to select around 1000~ students.

So well according to whole scenario I think the creds pf acceptances are going to go way down very soon. 

Just pray hard, you never know what Almighty had planned for you (pray for me as well👉👈🤲)
I'd stay you still have a good chance. Your SAT is low but not too low for HSS. You will probably get an offer
Hope so IA. thanks
Have hope… In Sha Allah..
mera bhi same scene just that ur SAT is better than mine 1130 and my matric is 100% . Lets just hope we do great!
Hey, your grades are good but your Sat score is quite low. Your chances are not bad but also not strong either. Just pray for yourself and don’t stress
[removed]
good chances but they favor cie level kids

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cavdu4/chance_me_i_will_pray_for_your_admission/
SAT: 1400
Matric: 99 percent 
Fsc: 83 percent 
P.s: V.good
Ecs: 10
Applied to SSE
Second preference SDSB
..... Be brutally honest 
Just wait man, you are in, In Shaa Allah
A similar profile did get into both sse and sdsb tou confirm he samjho
Are you a freshie and what was your percentage in FSc?
Nhi yar I'm an applicant to sdsb and hss. 7 As 2 Bs in O levels, 1320 SAT
Have you got your acceptance?
No not yet dua karo ho jai
Inshallah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1catb5k/financial_aid_website_crashed/
Been trying to fill goofy long form. When it came to submitting docs, it crashed 😭
i swear that nigga wont let me think

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1casuey/reason_why_the_acceptance_creds_are_so_high/
Okay so in the first batch i've een 50+ students with 1500+ SAT getting accepted. i think lums accepted all the exceptional creds students first thats why all the top 100 students received physical letters. now people with avg or below avg will get admitted so dont worry you still have chance. 
I don’t think so. Many of my friends with 1300s have received acceptances. I haven’t and I have a 1530.
March SAT?
No, older ones
I don really think thats the case. I got accepted with 1380 Sat score in hss
bro I got 1240 and received acceptance Kal.....its completely random kabhi bhi aa sakti hai.
Yea it's random
Can you please tell which school you got into?
Bro what were your creds and which school did u get into?
which school? and creds?
What were your whole creds, and which school
Bhai kasam kha
Which school?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1casmjd/chill_out/
out of 1100 students only 200 students are accepted as of now ,top 100 students received physical letters and the rest are waiting for that. Exceptional students with either 1400+ SAT are accepted baad me they'll look at students with avg and then below avg students. I think they want every type of student so they'll divide the students into 3 groups, Exceptional , avg , below avg. Next sunday students with SAT 1300+ will start getting admitted and some 1250s. then in  last days maybe students with 1100+ will get admitted. Y'all have a chance May Allah brighten our future.
I don't think they meet the criteria you mentioned. However, I hope the deserving candidates get selected IA
ameen
&gt;Next sunday students with SAT 1300+ will start getting admitted

so if I'm a 1400+ guy who wasn't accepted i should lose hope😔?
no nigga , its just my guess cuz i've seen people get rejected with 1400+ but dont lose hope i bet you'll get in
Oye acceptances dont work like that litterly random hota and the top 100 unma sa bhi bht sa wait ker rhay honge
Does the application only spend on SAT? I have a very avg sat but rest everything is good
idk yr i have a low SAT so the only thing im worried abt is SAT baqi cheezain are good enough
What school did u apply to?
sdsb hss
When do ACT candidates start receiving their acceptance?
i also haven't received decision
1410 SAT 10+ ecas and awards 
so i guess their decisions are totally random its not like rn they are opting for above average and later they'll do below average
I doubt ive seen many ppl with below 1400 in the range of 1300-1370 be accepted in this batch

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caoi8x/is_there_a_higher_chance_if_getting_accepted_if/
Idk was just wondering if that's a thing
According to Lums, Applying for financial aid will not effect you application. So,If you think you want Aid,apply for it.
[deleted]
Alright thats good then.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cantgj/do_march_sat_applications_not_get_considered/
Title
some march students did get admitted but as of now only top 100 students have received acceptances thats why the acceptance creds are so high.
this doesnt make sense, i have a 1530 and still waiting for SDSB
dont wait just pack yo bags
baat tou sahi hae but my friend had a 1510 sat and was rejected from SDSB and put to HSS. like this didnt make any sense ab mujhe bhi panic hou reha hae thora. pookie era for me

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1camday/chance_me/
8A*s O level
1400 SAT
1 A 2 Cs in A level
Really good ecas
Gap year student
For CS / SSE
Did u give the SAT in march? Regardless of that, you have pretty good chances. Be patient. You’ll get in iA
No i gave it in November
U dont meet their a level grade requirement
Yeah i do A C C is equivalent to B B C I confirmed from lums
Thats great then, good luck to you!

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cajf9v/chance/
8A* in olevels
2A* 1A in Alevels
1380 SAT score
Good eca
What are my chances to get into sdsb?
Very high chances. Have patience.
I would have said 100% but let's just say 99%

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cajdge/did_anyone_get_their_acceptance_right_now/
title
acceptances har hafta release ho rhi batches me so i guess agli acceptances sunday ko aainga aik sath
heard they come tmrw
lets hope
Chill

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caikps/whos_lcat_went_bad/

Mine ☹️
My LSAT was pretty bad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cafhlm/chance_me/
1A\* 5A 2B 3C in O levels   
1A 2B 1C in AS  
1350 SAT score  
Rlly good ECs with multiple community work, internships, debating, etc  
Good PS
[removed]
SBSB
Whyd you take 11 Alevels
11 O levels u mean. Bec it was like a compulsion from my skl
Damn that's crazy
[deleted]
do share if u get accepted IA
omg good luck to you asw, what school did you applu for?
SDSB
inshaAllah youll make it hope for the best 💜
i guess

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cafhbi/acceptance_query/
My creds  Matric 94% Fsc(part 1) 91.4% Ecs 2 It skills award Mun : Outstanding diplomacy award  Ps decent  Any chance in SBASSE...SSE...CS
Decent chance based on those creds but I'd say your entry test would matter the most, I got in with 95% matric and 87% Fsc part-I through LCAT
What was you SAT score?
i gave LCAT but do you think i stand a chance?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1caej5f/financial_aid/
so I’ve applied for financial but now I’m worried about it being accepted. My dads dead and most of my source of income is aid from family members I’ve also been on 100% scholarship but still because we are middle class I’m afraid they won’t look into the family dynamics that are actually happening and outright reject me even though I qualify academically for a scholarship. Is there a way to set a meeting or call?
Don't worry, Inshallah you'll get it. If not you can apply for reconsideration.
Thankyou inshallah a lot of people are saying not to show complete Information but I think we should otherwise they could revoke. Further, most of the income just shows immediate consumption since there are no savings no asset etc 
Yeah u should be as transparent as u can be. And as u said there are no saving and major assets then it is very likely you’ll be able to get it. 
Which school did u apply to?
I got into the humanities one which was my preferred 
Bro I have a same condition. We are surviving just because of grandmother pension. IA Allah will help us. Just believe him.
inshallah praying for u too 
Dw you'll get it InshAllah. I know of a similar case that got accepted.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cadtkq/best_universities_for_psychology_in_pakistan/
Im really interested in psychology, but to my knowledge LUMS only offers psych as a minor?

What would be the best university(ies) for psych in Pakistan?

Apologies if this is not relevant to LUMS,this sub is the closest thing to a Pakistan education sub😭
lums sucks for psychology
Yes I heard some psychology professors left?
So which universities would you recommend?
Gcu psychology department is good
Shifa
GCU is pretty good for psychology. I guess Fccu bhi
Shifa University Islamabad

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cacnn8/lums_28_gc/
Hello Guys,

I hope yall are doing well. I am a rising soph from SDSB and I have made a GC for the incoming freshmen so they can ask any queries if they have because I believe that I wouldn't have such a smooth journey without the guidance of my seniors so I'll just drop the link in comments for you guys
Hey man can you dm me the link please.
DM me the link plz

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cacdz6/rare_of_chances_but_feeling_shaky/
Got into Science school. Had 8A*s in IGCSE, 2As &amp; 2Bs in AS. Feels like A2 grades might get shaky. I fear Kay final alevel grades ki base par admission na ruk jaye 😭😭😭😭
Impossible! Agar you have enough dedication to get into LUMS, why not ace the A level exams, huh??? PUNK!!!
Work hard. Study. Take action instead of being overly worried. Take a deep breath and tell yourself that everything’s going to be fine and that you’re going to make it. iA
Nah, easy. Isn't the condition 2Bs and 1C? I felt the same during this time. You get through. It does not matter
Yup that's average of 2Bs &amp; 1C. 

It could be  ABD
or ACC
Or BBC
Easy scene bro. Chill
Hope for the best buddy. Bass an acceptance agyi hai, I hope there ain't any prob getting in now. Need prayers for A2 exams 🙏🙏🙏

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cacast/lums_mba_entry_test/
Hey guys! I'm appearing for the MBA LGAT this Sunday In Sha Allah, but I have no clue what it's like or what to expect because I couldn't find any official past or sample papers online.

Just want to know what kind of questions the test has (topics and difficulty level, esp for maths), if there's negative marking, cutoff scores, time duration etc 

Any guidance regarding the test will be appreciated! 
I guess timing is 1 hour and 45 mins.. please let me know if you find anything else. Thanks.
Are you also planning on appearing?
Yes
BUMP

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cac5qs/net_sat_nhi_ma_tu_iit_neet_crack_karo_ga/

Khuwabon mein💀
Crack kese hota hai
Parh kay
bas bhai india ja kar maqsad na bhulna.
🧥💣
dekh ke kahin leak na ho jai

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cac559/sat_net_nhi_na_tu_iit_crack_karo_ga/


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cabty4/fee_voucher/
Those who get accepted into SSE can you please tell what is the total amount we have to pay for the first amount 

10 lacs 40 thousand and this is for the first semester
ASTAGFIRULLAH
😭😂

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cablgm/have_any_acceptances_come_out_yet_after_that/

Ig No!! Shyd 25th Ki raat ho ayen gi
Yup, got mine yesterday
[deleted]
What makes u say that
[deleted]
I hope you're right 🙏

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1cab980/please_guide/
Mene sdsb first choice rakhi hai but seeing my lcat test it was average and i have good creds Matric 92 and FSC-1 80 all i want is eco and maths so will they consider my 4th choice. and plz batain eco and maths m kitne avg students hote hain 
Your 4th choice? Anyways, your profile is good and I’m hopeful that you’ll make it. InshAllah. Have faith and stay patient.
yeah first SDSB us ke bad SBSE m CS aur Eco and Math
...

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca9i02/link_for_official_sse28_and_hss28_group/
https://chat.whatsapp.com/GTD0420M3GR0XfI2uIe8QY

https://chat.whatsapp.com/BkHg26tGqChKJvkLYN4LBm
Is this for the ones who got accepted only?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca83y1/pray/
guys please pray for me , i have low creds bt i really want to be in. just pray mera bhi hojai will really mean the world to me &lt;3
Brother us moment ho gaya low creds wali baat par 🤍 IA May it be Gods plan 🤍
InshAllah InshAllah hojae ga, may you get your decision soon 🤍🤍
IA
InshAllah brother. Have faith and remain patient. You’ll make it iA. If not then no worries. Try again.
Creds kya hain aap ke?
what r ur creds
i have exceptional creds but not SAT its 1130
Phir kyun tension hay IA you’ll get in 🤍 your grades will make up for your sat and Mera to dono hi avg hay
what are the creds
i have really good profile but i have 1010 SAT,got really sick on the test day messed up (march sat)
which school did u apply to
hss
yaar  tbvh last year a student with hss with 990 SAT was accepted into lums so dont worry May Allah brighten our future just pray for me and i'll pray for u &lt;3
can we talk privately somewhere also how do you know about this student
ameen ill pray for you too thankyou so much means a ton

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca7yab/financial_aid_deadline_for_applicants_not/
I'm seeing that financial aid deadline is in a week but what about those who haven't been accepted yet? Will they have a different deadline? Seems pretty obvious but I'm concerned whether only people who got in first will be able to apply for FA and those who get acceptances after deadline will not be able to.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca6p2v/fee_query_for_sse/
Hi, can anyone who hasnt applied for financial aid and has been accepted let me know what the the total amount of fee they are paying (as in the first semester fee and any other charges they are making you pay). It would be of great help!!

10 lac 40 thousands due 8th of may (first sem) then 756k due Dec 20 (second sem)
Would you mind sharing a screenshot of what the fee includes
Can't share here, I'll dm u
Could you share it with me too?
K
can you share with me as well
Sure
mujhe bhiii
its ur lab fees, school fee, reistration fee, security fee
i have seen the first semester voucher but not the second one. if you have the second one would you please dm it to me:))
Sure

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca68z1/any_idea_when_the_acceptance_packages_are_sent/
All the people who are still waiting, please don't get offended by this post lol and best of luck from my end. I'm really just curious kay package kab aai ga.
got my acceptance yesterday, (around 2 p.m) and got the package today.  got the package like 1 hour ago
Okay! Thank you! 
It depends on your location.My friend lives in Walton Area ( close to LUMS and DHA) he received it early in the morning. I live on the other side of Lhr Johar Town/Wapda Town so I just received it a min ago.
I just received mine.
Enjoyy 🥳
Can I still receive it if I live abroad and gave mailing address of abroad?
Don’t know but yeah technically they should deliver it to your provided address.
If you're in Lahore you'll receive it today most probably
received this morning
I didn’t get it abhi tak got my acceptance yesterday
If someone lives in remoted village of Sindh, what is your opinion?
Where do you live ?
a village in Umerkot district in Sindh.
i live very nearby to lums received it in the morning

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca5v56/transfer_advice/
i applied last year in the fall 2023 cycle to mghss econ, got accepted a few days after getting waitlisted before my AL result and then i was met with a BCC. Due to a few personal reasons i could not give any retakes or the urdu exam thats why i couldn't apply this year, however i got into IBA econ in r1, have a decent NET score for NBS but i really want to get to into lums. If i give the AL Urdu exam this fall and apply as a transfer applicant from IBA or NBS with a 3.6+ CGPA to MGHSS, what chances do i realistically have?  ( OL grades 4A\*s 5As, SAT 1350, A level predicted A\*BC). 
Nust doesn't allow transfers. You can go for IBA but it's always a risk
met a guy on linkedin who transferred from nust law to lums law in 2021, i don’t think what you’re saying is true, besides that a lot of people have mentioned that ppl from nust have been accepted as transfer cases. I just want to know which place will give me a better chance at getting in
Brother I went to NUST thinking the same. NBS has gotten rid of that policy. It doesn't benefit me in any way misguiding you or smth but u may choose to believe whatever you've heard from people. Cheers and good luck
sorry if i came off as rude man :( but thanks for the heads up. I guess i’ll try for iba karachi then. thank you :)))
Can I DM you?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca5q1n/financial_aid/
Just got accepted into LUMS, I didn't apply for financial aid in the application. Is there any way to apply for aid now?
Did u get accepted today?
Yesterday
No, you're cooked

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca5o8j/when_do_march_sat_applicants_get_their_decision/
i heard they get it in the 2nd round. when does 2nd round start?
After 31st July
Hey, how do you know? 
Sarcasm tha lol
😂
Is it still first round i.e those who have SAT before March will get acceptances first and second round i.e those who have SAT in March will get acceptance later on
When do ACT applicants get their acceptances?
Bro i guess you are only one who applied via sat no idea
No I did not apply via SAT, I applied via ACT
Nobody knows, maybe few might have received now and other may receive tonight or even after a month🤷
This is another level of anxiety .
How much seats are there for sdsb any idea?
200 seats

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca5nqw/conditional_offer/
if i get acc in a2 will the conditional offer be met
no ig
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca4ou1/_/
What’s the pattern of Lums admission announcement? Is it going to be again like Sunday night or continuous announcements will be seen now? 

i think no one knows lol
There hasnt been any acceptances after sunday so I think we will just have to wait for the next sunday

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca4ikt/scholarship/
Has anyone who got in received the merit scholarship decision too? 
yup
Could you elaborate please?
yeah u can dm ill answer any question
what were ur creds? and what school did u get accepted in
dm

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca4g3v/questions_related_to_financial_aid/
I have gotten into LUMS'. Now, I have the financial aid form and thought I should ask a few questions.  


1. Is it just for those who cannot afford it or merit-based as well? If it is merit-based as well, how do you apply for it?
2. Do we have to pay the first semester's fee or our voucher will be generated after the decision on financial aid?
3.  Do we all need domicile for the process?
1. Only for those who cannot afford. you’ll get to know about your merit-based scholarship (if you get one) when you receive the physical package 
2. Voucher will be generated after they tell you your aid
3. idk

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca4e3b/just_got_in/

Did u receive an email rn?
received on 21st April. Just saw it
Creds?
LCAT / 1300 SAT 8A*s (olvl) 1A* 2B (Alv) gap year 
ecas internship at engro and Unilever
Nicee, which school?
econ wala
Gap year ka koi negative asar tow nhi hota
idk the admission lady called me a few days and asked me why I took one rest was easy I think
Like I have 3A star and 5A in olevel but 1150 sat mera nhi hona most probably tow gap year lekr and with 1400 sat would I be selected
Overall credentials

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca42sr/those_who_got_in_did_you_get_into_1st_pref_or_2nd/


[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1ca42sr)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca41lz/any_high_achieving_sse_applicants_left/
As many of the acceptances of sse have been of the top most academic credentials, are any high achieving people left?
My creds 
Matric 94%
Fsc(part 1) 91.4%
Ecs 2
It skills award
Mun : Outstanding diplomacy award 
Ps decent 
Any chance in SBASSE...SSE...CS
No one is replying ?
I wasn't a high achieving applicant though
Did u get accepted?
Yes
MA what were ur credentials?
1380 SAT 7A* 1A in O levels and 4As in my AS
I have quite similar stats, more  A*s in my o levels a bit less SAT score but still not accepted :(
You'll get in then insha'Allah don't worry
I don't think I am high achieving too but still got accepted
Creds?
1500 SAT, 90% Inter, 5-6 ECAs
That is pretty high achieving MA
🙋‍♂️
Creds?
5A*s and a National distinction in O Levels. Lots of ECs, 1A* 3As in A Levels. 1480 SAT.
5 A stars in OL and 1A star and 3As in AL
Ur in fs
The problem is, I Kept SSE as first pref and SDSB as second. I don’t wanna go to SSE.
applied to SBASSE

1460 sat

7A\*s and 3As in olevel

but AS may ccb

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca410k/application_preferences/
I have been wondering that does lums offer you admission in a department you have not chosen as your preference? or does it solely rely on those preferences. Moreover if i want to change the departments/schools i have applied for could it be possible? 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca3xcb/when_does_2nd_round_of_decisions_start/

I wrote to LUMS ab this. Let's see what they say
I asked them and fhey said there is no such thing
Does anyone know when can one get revised offer? Offer aane k kitni dair baad revised aa jati?
[deleted]
That ain't fair bro as no one has got in with march sat yet
I emailed them. They'll start from July 31st.
Thats when the rejections start 💀👍
😂👍 we are all doomed

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca3vt2/if_im_accepted_to_my_second_choice_of_school_does/
I got my acceptance from HSS for economics but my first choice was SSE and all of my essay are also based on SSE. Will i still be considered for SSE in the coming rounds of admission? I have 9A\* and an A in o levels and a 1390 SAT 
What was ur AS score
our school has composite so we give our exams all together in A2. So no AS

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca3sak/help_needed/
I’m going to be started college in the fall in Pakistan. Got into LUMS and am waiting for my decision from AKU FAS Programme. Both will be costing be the same, which is going to be a financial burden. I need to decide which one to opt for. I like both majors equally but I am worried about joining AKU as the programme is very new and may not offer as many opportunities and experiences as LUMS. But LUMS is in Lahore and I live in Karachi so I’m hesitant about moving away for four years and the cost of traveling back and forth. I’m thinking about making a pros and cons list and would like help and information that other people can offer.  

Also wanted to ask if LUMS offers scholarships based on merit or need? And whether I can get a scholarship after receiving an offer of admission? 

Thank you! 
It offers scholarships both on merit and need.
But as much as i know for financial aid.. one should appeal at the time of application..
Hmmm,i think if you are worried only about living away from home and not considering lums for that very reason ,then it is not a good decision ,you have to compromise on thses things when it comes to carrer

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca2ml8/whats_the_batch_size_of_law_school_sahsol/
Title⬆️
This time they extended it to 100
70-80
why so low man?? other schools have \~300
Because low resources and it could be due to people switching majors to other schools.
Low resources?? Even for lums?? And why people switch their major if they applied to law previously, can't they just apply somewhere else before, or law is tuff or something? Which makes them want to switch??
Every school had their own budget. SOL is low on it. And people apply to law school because it is easy to get into and then later switch majors into other schools. For this reason they keep the batch small.
So basically deserving people are left out

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca284l/stuck_between_jo_naseeb_mein_nahi_wo_maangane_se/

Go for the second one..
Always the second one. Have tawakkul on Allah please.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca22qu/any_lcat_acceptances_yet/
If yes how how did your lcat go?
yes
What school did you apply to and how did your lcat go
Hss and my Lcat went rlly well
Yea

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca1bl1/lums_vs_fast/
I recently got accepted in SSE for lums however I can't decide if I want to pursue computer science from here or from fast since I'm not a fan of the research based programme at lums. The only reason I see to go to lums is for networking and building connections. Apart from this, I have absolutely no plans on doing masters and want to get into the industry as soon as possible. Don't compare the affordability or just say lums is better because of the social life and the environment since that's the last thing I could care about.
please dont go to fast mate
Why not
[deleted]
There's absolutely no reason to do masters in the tech industry other than networking. Similarly degrees also hold little to no value in this field. I find it funny how people hate on FAST just because of how hard it is, it just simply shows your incompetency in this field. You have no idea what you're talking about.
[deleted]
debate woh krrha tu bilawaja mei galiyan deke apni tarbiyat dikha rha
Trust me FAST isn’t as great as it’s conceived. Graduated from FAST, Isb in 2022. It has the shittiest management one could ask for. No regards for anything.

The academic calendar is a joke. It’s designed in a way that every ordinary/average student is going thru a mental breakdown in the last month of the semester. 

Plus FAST lost its essence when it started accepting everyone, making it just a crowded university, big classes, less good teachers. The good teachers are also leaving/visiting now because less pay as I’ve heard. And the remaining ones, you only get to interact with them in your electives. 

After graduation, you’ll feel like you never attended it. Ffs they even blocked our emails, which was the only communication we had with our profs.

The reason I’m here right now is hoping my younger brother gets into LUMS, so having a lot at the stats. And regardless of your future plans, LUMS will provide you with the best opportunities, job or masters either way.

Also to note, companies in pakistan definitely look at the name of the uni you graduated from as a fresher
Chup kar k LUMS jao
I also had a similar question last year and to those saying "oh lums has a great social life" well not if you're in sse pal. Look if you wanna do your cs courses and wanna get into the industry opt for Fast. I'm in LUMS just completed my first year and I've only done 1 cs course since here you're supposed to complete  a bunch of bullshit compulsory subjects like bio chem phys. Plus my schedule has been hectic af 8-6 classes on top of assignments and exams on the weekends. On top of that the mean is pretty high on most subjects as most ppl in sse are competitive and way too smart.

Lums science school isn't easy, it's a grind and you won't directly be able to pursue studying cs apart from a basic course in the first year. 

If you plan on studying other electives like econ or humanities alongside your cs degree then sure join lums but don't expect it easy like most ppl say. 

However, if you're just oriented towards cs fo for fast.

This is advice I'd have given myself last year
What have you done in cs so far
Just the basics that you'd cover in any college. Loops pointers arrays in c++
Do you have any plans for transferring to fast or are you staying in lums now
I don't think fast accepts transfers so I'm probably stuck here for now
Creds?
1490, 8A*
If you want social life or wanna do masters from ivy league than go for lums but if you want skills and wanna get in to the field as soon as possible than lums is no where even close to Fast
Fast
Oh just go to fast. They will prepare you with all that you need for the industry. Fast graduates are always preferred first for cs related jobs. Academic life is extremely hard in both places, so I’d suggest pick Fast since wo hai hi cs k liye behtreen
Final Verdict: LUMS vs FAST - The End of the Debate

Let's not forget the real deal here: LUMS churns out CS grads who aren't just hobnobbing at networking events; they're landing dream jobs at Microsoft, Meta, Apple, Amazon—you name it. And as for grad admissions? MIT, Stanford, Berkeley, CMU—yeah, they're all fighting over LUMS alums. Meanwhile, over at FAST, sure, they're dreaming of LUMS like it's some golden ticket to success. But reality check: LUMS isn't just a party hub; it's a powerhouse of academic excellence and career opportunities. Where you'll be surrounded by one of the best minds in the country so the competition will be fierce. So, while FAST is stuck in the grind, LUMS grads are busy conquering the tech world, one elite opportunity at a time.

And for those pondering staying local, FAST might seem like the pragmatic choice. With LUMS' CS program being fiercely competitive and the fees reaching for the stars if you don't get aid, FAST offers a more accessible option. It all boils down to priorities in the end. But let's not kid ourselves; whether you're eyeing the international stage or sticking around Pakistan, the quality of education and the doors it opens speak volumes. So, choose wisely, folks

And forgot to mention LUMS CS program is number #1 in the country and #6 in Asia
Isko lums ne eidi di thi ye likhne k liye
Dude why do you type like a marketing salesperson for LUMS? 😭 MIT, Standford, Berkeley fighting for lums alums?? You're living in some unreal delusion fr..! Its better to realise this as soon as possible, otherwise you're gonna regret this a lot later when you'll hit the real/actual world.

Secondly, who in the love of God told u that Lums' CS program is #1 in Pak and #6 in Asia?? 😭 Do u even know the meaning of this? #6 in "Asia" isnt a joke dude, u literally have IITs, Chinese and Singaporean unis fighting for those spots. Even if you check the Qs rankings which are the most credible rankings out there then only NUST comes close which is at #174 in CS globally and No.1 in Pakistan.

Its fine if you have some close ones studying at Lums due to which u think its the best option, it actually might be for you if u really think that way. But atleast dont get delusional about things to such an extent.. even in Pakistani market no one would ever reject a CS degree from NUST, FAsT or Giki for a Lums one, except if they have some kind of unreal delusional bias which no can help it.
Brother, I understand where you're coming from. The sense of insecurity and stress inflicted by our toxic society often leads us to start bashing things with little or no knowledge. However, I don't fall into that category. I prefer to make arguments based on factual reality. I'm not backing down from anything I said; it was a bizarre question that deserved a savage reply. If you have any courage, come with some research about a topic. Your audacity in starting an argument with little knowledge might give you a tough time in real life. It's suggested to have an overview of something, or else you'll be labeled as a yapper or a basher.

Also, I just saw your lovely comment on one of NUST's sub-posts, and I replied to it (I'll leave the link below). Do check it out; it might give you a reality check and help you discern who's delusional and who's not.  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0wibk2/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web3x&amp;utm\_name=web3xcss&amp;utm\_term=1&amp;utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0wibk2/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web3x&amp;utm_name=web3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button)
please dont go to fast mate
The page/site that you're referring to, is NOT credible enough to compare unis of Pak, only LUMS is registered with the website for rankings, no other Pak uni is. There is a certain fee that a uni has to pay to most of the ranking websites in order to be considered for the rankings... and I guess no other Pak uni has payed that yet to that website in order to register themselves there.
QS Rankings are globally known and the most credible rankings atleast from all the other options that we have, even the top20 is mostly formed acc to the Qs.. and on Qs NUST is #174 globally in CS. Whereas Lums is somewhere around #401-450.
Atleast do some research before citing such facts brother.

I've done a lot of research on this topic brother and I know its hard to accept reality at first, because even I used to think like you do now, but slowly and eventually you'll also see the actual facts if you've kept yourself open to research and accepting facts as they are. Here btw is my detailed reply based on pure facts to the cmnt that you're referring to...👇 
https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/s/Oof2xOpr3m
Why not
i have replied to your weakened argument you can check it out 👇  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0x2o4a/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web3x&amp;utm\_name=web3xcss&amp;utm\_term=1&amp;utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0x2o4a/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web3x&amp;utm_name=web3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button)
[deleted]
Bro why have u adopted an aggressive tone all of a sudden?! 😭 Im not here to fight or anything man.. u can go on and disagree if you dont consider my facts right... chill dude... you are not an employee/student at Lums neither am I.
There's absolutely no reason to do masters in the tech industry other than networking. Similarly degrees also hold little to no value in this field. I find it funny how people hate on FAST just because of how hard it is, it just simply shows your incompetency in this field. You have no idea what you're talking about.
That's the deal those are just your made-up facts ( " my facts "), and that happens when you run out of words and ideas. I can't blame you for this, but I would recommend that you acquire profound knowledge about something. The factual reality can make your argument strong and worthy. Otherwise, there's no shortage of people who yap and bash without any substance.
You literally based ur whole argument on the basis of an unknown rankings' website with which none of the Pakistani unis are even registered except for Lums and claimed that Lums has become #1 in Pak and #6 in fricking "Asia" dude... it just like winning a competition in which you were the only participant..🥲 whereas I literally quoted QS rankings which are worldwide renowned and all of the top Pak unis are even registered with them, heck most of the unis in the world are registered with them. But No, I am the one with made up facts here... Okay... whatever makes u sleep at night then... 

and a point to be noted: #6 in asia is also no joke, and the fact that lums is #6 in asia acc to that web shows that even most of the IITs and Chinese and Singaporean unis are also not registered with that website. 🥲

and after seeing that website, if you started to think that after studying cs from lums u would be at the same level with the cs grads of those unis then Good Luck bro! Self confidence is always good btw... just dont ever let "over" replace the "self" in there...
[deleted]
aah now I realize i was trying to debate with an obstinate 10th grader lmao
debate woh krrha tu bilawaja mei galiyan deke apni tarbiyat dikha rha
Trust me FAST isn’t as great as it’s conceived. Graduated from FAST, Isb in 2022. It has the shittiest management one could ask for. No regards for anything.

The academic calendar is a joke. It’s designed in a way that every ordinary/average student is going thru a mental breakdown in the last month of the semester. 

Plus FAST lost its essence when it started accepting everyone, making it just a crowded university, big classes, less good teachers. The good teachers are also leaving/visiting now because less pay as I’ve heard. And the remaining ones, you only get to interact with them in your electives. 

After graduation, you’ll feel like you never attended it. Ffs they even blocked our emails, which was the only communication we had with our profs.

The reason I’m here right now is hoping my younger brother gets into LUMS, so having a lot at the stats. And regardless of your future plans, LUMS will provide you with the best opportunities, job or masters either way.

Also to note, companies in pakistan definitely look at the name of the uni you graduated from as a fresher
Well then Mr. Phd, it should be a moment of shame for u that you can't even win a debate against a 10th grader! (im not in 10th though 😭.. but still my point stands 😅😤)
Chup kar k LUMS jao
I have replied u there as well btw...🥲
I also had a similar question last year and to those saying "oh lums has a great social life" well not if you're in sse pal. Look if you wanna do your cs courses and wanna get into the industry opt for Fast. I'm in LUMS just completed my first year and I've only done 1 cs course since here you're supposed to complete  a bunch of bullshit compulsory subjects like bio chem phys. Plus my schedule has been hectic af 8-6 classes on top of assignments and exams on the weekends. On top of that the mean is pretty high on most subjects as most ppl in sse are competitive and way too smart.

Lums science school isn't easy, it's a grind and you won't directly be able to pursue studying cs apart from a basic course in the first year. 

If you plan on studying other electives like econ or humanities alongside your cs degree then sure join lums but don't expect it easy like most ppl say. 

However, if you're just oriented towards cs fo for fast.

This is advice I'd have given myself last year
This ranking is for masters not undergraduate
What have you done in cs so far
Just the basics that you'd cover in any college. Loops pointers arrays in c++
Do you have any plans for transferring to fast or are you staying in lums now
I don't think fast accepts transfers so I'm probably stuck here for now
Creds?
1490, 8A*
If you want social life or wanna do masters from ivy league than go for lums but if you want skills and wanna get in to the field as soon as possible than lums is no where even close to Fast
Fast
Oh just go to fast. They will prepare you with all that you need for the industry. Fast graduates are always preferred first for cs related jobs. Academic life is extremely hard in both places, so I’d suggest pick Fast since wo hai hi cs k liye behtreen
Final Verdict: LUMS vs FAST - The End of the Debate

Let's not forget the real deal here: LUMS churns out CS grads who aren't just hobnobbing at networking events; they're landing dream jobs at Microsoft, Meta, Apple, Amazon—you name it. And as for grad admissions? MIT, Stanford, Berkeley, CMU—yeah, they're all fighting over LUMS alums. Meanwhile, over at FAST, sure, they're dreaming of LUMS like it's some golden ticket to success. But reality check: LUMS isn't just a party hub; it's a powerhouse of academic excellence and career opportunities. Where you'll be surrounded by one of the best minds in the country so the competition will be fierce. So, while FAST is stuck in the grind, LUMS grads are busy conquering the tech world, one elite opportunity at a time.

And for those pondering staying local, FAST might seem like the pragmatic choice. With LUMS' CS program being fiercely competitive and the fees reaching for the stars if you don't get aid, FAST offers a more accessible option. It all boils down to priorities in the end. But let's not kid ourselves; whether you're eyeing the international stage or sticking around Pakistan, the quality of education and the doors it opens speak volumes. So, choose wisely, folks

And forgot to mention LUMS CS program is number #1 in the country and #6 in Asia
Isko lums ne eidi di thi ye likhne k liye
Dude why do you type like a marketing salesperson for LUMS? 😭 MIT, Standford, Berkeley fighting for lums alums?? You're living in some unreal delusion fr..! Its better to realise this as soon as possible, otherwise you're gonna regret this a lot later when you'll hit the real/actual world.

Secondly, who in the love of God told u that Lums' CS program is #1 in Pak and #6 in Asia?? 😭 Do u even know the meaning of this? #6 in "Asia" isnt a joke dude, u literally have IITs, Chinese and Singaporean unis fighting for those spots. Even if you check the Qs rankings which are the most credible rankings out there then only NUST comes close which is at #174 in CS globally and No.1 in Pakistan.

Its fine if you have some close ones studying at Lums due to which u think its the best option, it actually might be for you if u really think that way. But atleast dont get delusional about things to such an extent.. even in Pakistani market no one would ever reject a CS degree from NUST, FAsT or Giki for a Lums one, except if they have some kind of unreal delusional bias which no can help it.
Brother, I understand where you're coming from. The sense of insecurity and stress inflicted by our toxic society often leads us to start bashing things with little or no knowledge. However, I don't fall into that category. I prefer to make arguments based on factual reality. I'm not backing down from anything I said; it was a bizarre question that deserved a savage reply. If you have any courage, come with some research about a topic. Your audacity in starting an argument with little knowledge might give you a tough time in real life. It's suggested to have an overview of something, or else you'll be labeled as a yapper or a basher.

Also, I just saw your lovely comment on one of NUST's sub-posts, and I replied to it (I'll leave the link below). Do check it out; it might give you a reality check and help you discern who's delusional and who's not.  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0wibk2/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web3x&amp;utm\_name=web3xcss&amp;utm\_term=1&amp;utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0wibk2/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web3x&amp;utm_name=web3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button)
The page/site that you're referring to, is NOT credible enough to compare unis of Pak, only LUMS is registered with the website for rankings, no other Pak uni is. There is a certain fee that a uni has to pay to most of the ranking websites in order to be considered for the rankings... and I guess no other Pak uni has payed that yet to that website in order to register themselves there.
QS Rankings are globally known and the most credible rankings atleast from all the other options that we have, even the top20 is mostly formed acc to the Qs.. and on Qs NUST is #174 globally in CS. Whereas Lums is somewhere around #401-450.
Atleast do some research before citing such facts brother.

I've done a lot of research on this topic brother and I know its hard to accept reality at first, because even I used to think like you do now, but slowly and eventually you'll also see the actual facts if you've kept yourself open to research and accepting facts as they are. Here btw is my detailed reply based on pure facts to the cmnt that you're referring to...👇 
https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/s/Oof2xOpr3m
i have replied to your weakened argument you can check it out 👇  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0x2o4a/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web3x&amp;utm\_name=web3xcss&amp;utm\_term=1&amp;utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/NUST/comments/1c9f8al/comment/l0x2o4a/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web3x&amp;utm_name=web3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button)
Bro why have u adopted an aggressive tone all of a sudden?! 😭 Im not here to fight or anything man.. u can go on and disagree if you dont consider my facts right... chill dude... you are not an employee/student at Lums neither am I.
That's the deal those are just your made-up facts ( " my facts "), and that happens when you run out of words and ideas. I can't blame you for this, but I would recommend that you acquire profound knowledge about something. The factual reality can make your argument strong and worthy. Otherwise, there's no shortage of people who yap and bash without any substance.
You literally based ur whole argument on the basis of an unknown rankings' website with which none of the Pakistani unis are even registered except for Lums and claimed that Lums has become #1 in Pak and #6 in fricking "Asia" dude... it just like winning a competition in which you were the only participant..🥲 whereas I literally quoted QS rankings which are worldwide renowned and all of the top Pak unis are even registered with them, heck most of the unis in the world are registered with them. But No, I am the one with made up facts here... Okay... whatever makes u sleep at night then... 

and a point to be noted: #6 in asia is also no joke, and the fact that lums is #6 in asia acc to that web shows that even most of the IITs and Chinese and Singaporean unis are also not registered with that website. 🥲

and after seeing that website, if you started to think that after studying cs from lums u would be at the same level with the cs grads of those unis then Good Luck bro! Self confidence is always good btw... just dont ever let "over" replace the "self" in there...
aah now I realize i was trying to debate with an obstinate 10th grader lmao
Well then Mr. Phd, it should be a moment of shame for u that you can't even win a debate against a 10th grader! (im not in 10th though 😭.. but still my point stands 😅😤)
I have replied u there as well btw...🥲
This ranking is for masters not undergraduate

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca18px/hss_or_law_school/
I have 3A*s and 5As in O levels but my SAT is pretty low (1250).Is there any chance for acceptance in HSS or law school?
Law tou confirm ho jai ga. A guy in the whatsapp group got an acceptance with similar credentials.
Which WhatsApp group?
Yar a sophomore at lums has made it. Wo verify kr k us mein acceptances dalta
Link
Ye aaj Kal Mai hee?
HSS Mai nai hosakta?
[deleted]
In law as well?
[deleted]
[deleted]

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca0mag/sdsb/
It shows I got accepted into HSS, should I assume I was rejected from SDSB or should I wait a lil longer?
I am so confused
Same position as you
creds?
Wait
creds?
exactly same is the case with me and i emailed them and got a response basically saying that this is the only offer my first pref was also SDSB
does that mean ppl who got into second pref were rejected from first?
i assume
what were ur creds?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1ca0gwk/_/
it just feels like everyone is just getting accepted and i feel so left behind. i was confident before applying but now i just feel so under motivated seeing people with lower sat scores getting in 
I'm in the same boat
same

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/gallery/1c9zd0b

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9zah0/full_time_sdr_role_at_an_established_it_services/
Looking to hire 2x SDRs for my team at an established IT firm located in phase 8. Timings are flexible and the role is hybrid with 6hours in office and 2 hours WFH.  Decent payout and other fringe benefits.

People with good communication and a knack for sales can dm me for more details.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9xzpx/sat_score_report/
I sent my score through college board but I didn't mail lums. Is that fine?
Yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9vruz/would_lums_wait_for_my_score/

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9vmkw/hss/
I got into HSS with average creds, it was my second preference. Tho SDSB was a long shot I really hoped that i would get in. I think its easy to get into HSS and everyone can easily secure a seat, right? and I only got acceptance  because I was not good enough for SDSB
What were your credentials? And did u get acceptance now or yesterday?
I opened the portal randomly around midnight today.
Could you pls tell me your credentials? I have AVG sat score plss let me know so that I can keep some hope
1240 :(
Whats your other creds?
Omg Congratulations!! I have a 1250 sat too. What are your other credentials or can I dm you?
Creds??
I don't believe that getting admission in HSS is an easy feat. You got in because you met the merit requirements. SSE and SDSB are highly competitive, and many students prefer them as their first choice. So, deserving students who couldn't make it to their first choice usually end up in HSS and SAHSOL as their second preference.
makes sense tbh...i was a bit disappointed.
Could you check your dm please??
What were ur credentials
Your credentials?
Did u give March Sat

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9upaa/sre_the_acceptances_coming_in_daily_or_in_batches/


Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9sbqa/is_there_a_set_limit_of_people_whod_get_accepted/
Everyones a fucking nerd in my class with 8A*s and 1500 sat. I have 2A*s/6As and 1430 sat but I'm worried they'll accept other kids from my class and id be left out
Brother first of all lemme tell you smth once you’re in uni no one would ask you oh what were your credentials  - literally there’s a big luck factor involved there are kids who have gotten in with the most avg credentials and a below avg SAT so basically what’s the diff in the end ? Y’all ending up in the same place studying the same thing -  IA if it’s Gods plan which it will be IA it will come to you 🤍 your credentials are great too Ma if you ask me I’ve applied with below avg creds and a below avg sat as well the only tiny string of hope I have to not overthink it or anything since I just trusted and applied lol

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9s66k/change_of_school/
I have been accepted into my first-choice humanities school, which is fantastic news. However, my second preference was the business school. Is there a possibility that I could still secure acceptance into the business school?
Bro what were ur credentials can u pls tell me
3a*
4a
2b
sat 1490

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9rskn/help_me_out_pls/
I got in SDSB; cred 9A\*1A 1430 SAT. I am quite sure i wont get BBC in A level. If i give the fee now, how much of it would be refunded later when i dont meet the requirement. Please mention exact amount. Also please let me know, should i fill these tabs now? or what? Upload Signed Acceptance &amp; Payment Proof? Information on A level Exams? Emergency contact? shd i fill them now or what is the deadline?
Calm down and Read all the letter, everything is mentioned in it. 8 May is deadline, 50% of admission charges which are total around 150k will be deducted so 75k will be deducted and rest will be given back.
okay, so when do we pay tuition, and is it fully refundable? in short, i waste 75k if i dont meet requirement, and rest given before a level result will be fully refunded?
Yes. you can check further details in under your admission status in LUMS portal, it contains one fees refund policy tab. You can read that for more clarity.
i cant find the conditional letter or this tab ur saying, its so weird. I can only see financial aid tab which i need to fill
You have applied for financial aid? So now I don’t know the process because I haven’t and I am seeing all this with fee voucher and fee refund policy.
Heyy can you tell the total fees for semester 1 for SDSB.
887,680

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9r4ek/does_lums_consider_urdu_as_a_full_credit_subject/

Yes
Confirm?
Yes, I got in with Urdu as my third subject, i had 4 but didn’t meet the condition with one of the subjects so they counted urdu as the third
Thankyou so much, in business school na?
Yes, only SSE has a requirement for having science subjects, no other school has any specific subjects requirement

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9qhki/acceptances/
So did anybody receive an acceptance today? 
Got into aerospace lesgooo
today?
Jk they don’t even offer aerospace
yes
I meant like now after 12 AM
Also, if you don't mind, can you share an ss?
1:15 pm
When
yes
cool dm me
I don't think so
wht
bro dm karo
wht
Today, 2:24 PM

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9pogn/can_someone_guide_me_through_lat_application/

Make an account on HEC and register they’ll send you an email like a week or 2-3 days before telling you your centre number and all you just have to get that printed and take your passport and smart card - I recommend you to join any WhatsApp groups ( wise law academy ) to get expected Lat papers they are v easy and accurate as hell and then updates
hi, where can we find the link to these groups?
honestly I’ve never used Facebook in my life in general but I made an account just for this - idk I messaged 2-3 law prep academies and payed around 1900 ish and they sent me all guess papers and added me to a group as well - you should watch the LAW ACADEMY videos on YouTube and message the number that they give in the video. They’ll add you to the group and send you the links for practice and all but for extra papers there’s an academy wise law academy or smth +92 347 8710056 this is their number - yep beta of luck 🤍
Best *
&gt; academies and *paid* around 1900

FTFY.

Although *payed* exists (the reason why autocorrection didn't help you), it is only correct in:

 * Nautical context, when it means to paint a surface, or to cover with something like tar or resin in order to make it waterproof or corrosion-resistant. *The deck is yet to be payed.*

 * *Payed out* when letting strings, cables or ropes out, by slacking them. *The rope is payed out! You can pull now.*

Unfortunately, I was unable to find nautical or rope-related words in your comment.

*Beep, boop, I'm a bot*

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9pilp/whats_the_batch_size_of_each_school/
Tell if you even only know about one school or if you know the total batch size per year
350-400 for the three main schools.

Dunno about law school
It's 200 for CS idk about the schools tho

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9p265/seats_in_sdsb/
So, how many seats are there going to be for UG class 2028? I.e., what is going to be the batch size?

&amp;#x200B;

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9p0bx/got_accepted_allah_ka_karam/

i think 670,000
3*a
4a
sat 1490
March sat?
March SAT?
What are your credentials ?
Congratulations. When exactly do they send acceptances?  Daily? Like 12 am ? Idk
i got at 1:30 pm
Is the fee 100k? That u gotta pay in some days?
no idea about it
So its not in the acceptance letter?
What u smoking? The fee last year was 9 lac for sse students for the first sem
No wait ! I meant 10 lac .
Ohh ok lol I was confused lmao
🙏
i will receive the packets from lums in couple of days
i didn’t receive the letter .. just received the email
It will be on the portal . Lums website
Congratulations bro 🔥
Congratulations! Which school?
learning alliance
Hey I was in learning alliance from the age of 2 - 16!
learning alliance ( the best school)
it’s a great school

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9oyv7/drop_your_credentials/
Those who got in please drop your credentials!!! 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9otuz/conditional_offer/
successfully complete A Levels (in at least three full-credit A Level subjects) with an average of 2 Bs &amp; 1 C grade across the best three subjects prior to the commencement of Fall 2024 classes. The three best subjects cannot include any Advanced Subsidiary subjects, the A Level General Paper, or an A Level grade less than an E; .DOES THE LESS THAN E PART MEAN YOU CAN GET IN IF YOU GET A D ?
There are several grade combos applicable I guess for eg if you get an A B D you can get in since A has a lot of weightage similarly with an A* I think it becomes more lenient
If you got like an A* and B the third one can be E as it will be compensated by degrading the A* to B and upgrading the E to C
What are advance subsidiary subjects?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9obwa/did_anyone_get_an_acceptance_after_the_12_am_round/
title 
at 1:15
today?
yes

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9o6vc/march_sat/
Has anyone from march sat got admission in lums ? 
Not yet, i think we will be consider for 2 nd round admissions..which school you have applied for?SAT score?
What do you mean by 2 round admissions ? I have applied for sbasse
Those who apply on lcat basis/SAT score before march are consider for 1 round admission and then 2nd round
Ohhhh i see so is there any variation between the criteria or not ? And what are your credentials?
I am not sure about that .
What are your credentials?
I gave the LCAT and SAT, will I get in this round or the other?
when does second round admissions start?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9o57r/i_got_my_acceptance_only_from_second_preference/
I got my acceptance only from MGHSS for Econ but i didn’t get it for SBASSE. Will I get it?
I have 6A*,2A in Olevels and 1390 SAT
Same blud, I wanted get into sdsb (1st pref) but got into 2nd (hss) with 1490 score 💔
whr was ur result
wht was ur ur o levels  result
6A* 2As

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9nmgi/please_help/
Asalam o alikum, I am really hopeless now because I have been asking so many people about didn’t got any proper answer about it , and I don’t know what to do. Please someone guide me does Lums business school and if I apply in computer science with my a level subjects as follows Maths, Urdu and business however I can drop business and opt any other subjects which will open my opportunities and can easily apply into any school. Please someone guide me, are my subjects okay? Or should I drop business and opt any other subject. 
  

Ps: I can’t drop maths and Urdu because I will give them in upcoming may June series only option I have is to drop business because I will give it in upcoming October November series. Please someone guide It would mean the world to me thankyouuuu!
[deleted]
Acha, if I want to pursue business tou per like meray business, Urdu and maths are enough for applying into business school of Lums, aur o levels kei Thorey improve karlo plus sat 1450 plus Ajie tou per chances hai? I am just scared kiun kei unis Urdu ko as a soft subject consider karti.
Matlab enough hai? ya per business kei sath koi aur rakhlo like economics lekin it would be very tough 5 months 2 a level kei subjects ko cover karna as I am giving my cies in Oct Nov
[deleted]
I did, lekin udhir as such Kuch show Nahi horha like aapke Janey walo Mei sei koi ye subjects kei sath in hua hai, maths business and Urdu
I just checked the website it says kei 3 proper credit subjects honay chayie but I don’t know kei Urdu full cred consider Kia jaata hai Lums Mei ya Nahi?
[deleted]
Thankyou brother really means a lot Kheir subha I’ll call them too just in case

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9mt0a/need_500_responses_for_my_final_year_research/
Hey everyone i need to collect 500 responses for my final year research project kindly take 2 minutes of your valuable time to fill out this short form. TIA 

https://forms.gle/Pboi6qcJg7qxrCvW6 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9lxzj/acc/
does anyone know if lums sends acceptances on a daily or weekly basis
Still waiting for my son's acceptance

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9lpoa/financial_aid_checklist/
Anyone who has received an offer and is also filling the financial aid form.
Please share the list of documents they have asked for.? 
Also is the deadline in 7 days?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9kniq/application_status/
Can anyone please guide how to check admission staus ?
Because i only found application status which is submitted
There's a new tab that comes beside application status called admission status  once ur decision is out
It still shows application status submitted ,i think my decision is not finalized yet because i applied to march SAT  basis
On your Laptop click on tracking Id then at the top left you’ll see an option Admission status click thta
I have to click on tracking id ,only application status is shown as submitted 
Maybe decision hasn’t been made yet just wait !

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9km8a/so_how_many_seats_are_there_in_sse/
Ajeeb har bande ko sse se offer agai hai there's probably more than a hundred already. I feel like there's little seats left
2024s batch is about 450, the largest that has ever been.
do u know about econ stream at hss

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9khf6/revised_offer/
Hey guys, I got my acceptance last night. I got offered from humanities school, which was My second preference. My first preference was sdsb.  My creds are 99% matric, 84 % fsc, and 1490 sat. I had 6 prominent ecas that related to the major, and my PS was all about first pref, as I didn't mention anything for econ (2nd pref.). I am sad that why I didn't get offer from sdsb, as people with much lower creds got it. I want to know about revised offers. Is there a chance for me to get revised offer?
Receiving revised offers is not an easy task
Many people got revised offers last year 🥺 and they had lower creds. Idk man. Sighs
Only a small portion of students receive revised offers. If any seats are left vacant, there is a possibility of receiving a revised offer. SDSB and SSE are the first preference of most students, and those who get admitted usually do not let go of their seats.
Do pray I get one.
I hope you receive a revised offer soon. However, you should still be happy that you got admitted to HSS, which is a great school. You can explore multiple disciplines there and even take courses from SDSB. By the end of your freshmen year, you can decide which major is best for you.
Thank you so much man.
Confused. Why didn't u get offer for SDSB. That's so stupid.
Exactly bro. I was so disappointed
Mil jaani chahye aapko revised offer. Lums kya demaghi mareez hai
Fr bro please pray that I get revised offer.
i also got into hss which was my 2nd prefernce my first pref was sse chemical engineering i have 7A\* 2As in olevel 1330 sat i am so tensed as i have a pre engineering background both in alevels and olevels and dont know a single thing about economics pls suggest me should i take the offer and go onto select econ+maths as my  major
[deleted]
Yeah ikr. Their so called decisions don't even make sense. Let's hope we both get revised offers man.
[deleted]
Have you accepted sdsb offer?
[deleted]
Oh I see. Good luck bro.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9kdh5/cs/
How difficult is the cs program of lums? I’ve heard people say if you really want to maintain a good gpa or even an average you won’t have a social life? Is that true? 
Have you been accepted?
Nah i have so many friends in lums cs program jo party kartay hen half the time and have a decent gpa

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9kak8/rejections/
does lums send rejections at same time of acceptances too?
No
Phir kab?
After June

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9jzo4/has_anyone_received_a_rejection_yet/
What the title says - all i've seen today are acceptances so that makes me wonder if they're only releasing the acceptances today and the rejections on a later date :')
yes rejections are usually given in july or maybe june
maybe they wanna give all acceptances this year 🫢 hahahah
I wish

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9ih1e/important/
There is a separate tab for the result of admission "Admission Status", and you will receive the email a bit later. I had gotten accepted on 19th but did not know there was a separate tab, I got the email today.
I think that appears only when the decision is out otherwise it’s the only till application status
Yeah but I did not realize something had changed
is there a separate tab now?
After you get your acceptance
I am checking it on my phone ,there is only application status which is submitted ..
Is there admission status option at laptop?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9i01q/lums_i_think_un_ko_send_karha_hai_jinke_first/
Please tell me with honesty that you have got admission in your first priority or second ?
I got into 2nd pref (Law) waiting for 1st (CS)
[removed]
I got 5A\*s and 3As O Level 3As in AS and expect 3A\*s did not give SAT
how you did in lcat test good, average, ?
Hmm Id say acha ho giya tha above average

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9h7ou/what_time_did_you_guys_get_your_acceptances/
when did yall get your accepances, like kitne baje and everything. Im STRSSED cuz all my freinds got their's for econ and i haven't gotten mine yet :( 
same here, nothing for econ 🥲
Econ social or maths? And can u please tell their credentials?
I don't think that matters. You need to get into HSS Econ stream and then get your major which can be Econ or Econ math
I got mine subah 6 tak
2:22 pm
12 30 am
I haven't got any
I randomly checked my portal at 1:40 pm yesterday. The email came after a while.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9gyej/your_life_is_never_yours_a_life_lesson/
So, guys, please have some patience and read my complete article by sparing a few minutes of your time. These are the teachings I learned from my mentor, from whom I learned the etiquettes of life, **Javed Ahmed Ghamdi.**

Have you ever thought why **Allah** has sent us? What is the purpose of our lives? Why are we on Planet Earth? Why is the God of the entire universe interested in us? *I'm not going to discuss metaphysics or philosophy, but rather ponder over it.*

Allah says in the Holy Quran:  **وَمَا خَلَقْتُ الْجِنَّ وَالْاِنْسَ اِلاَّ لِیَعْبُدُوْنِ.(الذاریات ۵۱: ۵۶)**

*"And I did not create the jinn and mankind except to worship Me." (Adh-Dhariyat 51:56)*

We are supposed to worship Him. Worship doesn't just mean offering prayers, fasting, giving charity, or performing Hajj, but we have other responsibilities too. We have to ***obey Allah*** in all circumstances.

All the circumstances that happen in our life are the result of the will of God (if you are obeying Him). Think about it! Did you choose to be born? Did you ask Allah to bring you to Earth? The answer is absolutely not. So our lives are not by our will, but by the will of Allah.

As Muslims, we always say, "Everything belongs to Allah." Then why do we feel sad when we're struck in a difficult situation? Why do we feel despair? Why? Our lives are not ours. If you've lost something, honestly tell me, was it yours? No, that thing belongs to Allah, and Allah has taken it. So why worry? It belonged to Allah, and Allah took it. We should move on with this realization!! ***Nothing is yours.***

Allah says in the Holy Quran: **ٱلَّذِينَ إِذَآ أَصَـٰبَتْهُم مُّصِيبَةٌۭ قَالُوٓا۟ إِنَّا لِلَّهِ وَإِنَّآ إِلَيْهِ رَٰجِعُونَ ١٥٦**

*"Who, when disaster strikes them, say, 'Indeed we belong to Allah, and indeed to Him we will return.'"*

*(Surat Al-Baqarah 2:156)*

***We belong to Allah, everything belongs to Allah, so why worry about outcomes? Our only task is to obey Allah.***

I know a lot of people here have put in much effort to get into LUMS, and a few will face rejection too, but remember what Allah says: **وَلَنَبْلُوَنَّكُم بِشَىْءٍۢ مِّنَ ٱلْخَوْفِ وَٱلْجُوعِ وَنَقْصٍۢ مِّنَ ٱلْأَمْوَٰلِ وَٱلْأَنفُسِ وَٱلثَّمَرَٰتِ ۗ وَبَشِّرِ ٱلصَّـٰبِرِينَ ١٥٥**

*"And We will surely test you with something of fear and hunger and a loss of wealth and lives and fruits but give good tidings to the patient."*

*(Surat Al-Baqarah 2:155)*

We will surely test you with fear, hunger, loss of wealth, lives, and fruits, so be patient. Allah will test you. Don't worry if Allah has wasted your efforts. Have faith in Him. Don't worry if you will not manage to get into LUMS. Just Say *" Allah Ki di hoe Zindagi thi, Uss Ki Marzi Nahi thi ma ye kron "*  
Quoting something of Galib:

***jaan dī dī huī usī kī thī***

***haq to yuuñ hai ki haq adā na huā***

And lastly, whenever a difficult time comes and life seems tough, say:

"I belong to Allah, everything belongs to Him."

When someone ask you in your difficult situation: How are you feeling?  
Reply him with these words.

# هَٰذَا مِن فَضْلِ رَبِّي

From the desk of Ghamidi.  
***By Student of Javed Ahmed Ghamdi***  
Thank you for reading it.
Honestly, such a great person you are🙌🏻 Ma Sha Allah…
All praise belongs to Allah!   
I am nothing!! 🙂
mashallah, thankyou for this

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9gwkz/fsc_students/
So Guys.. who have not given finals yet…and If they get accepted based on their Hssc 1 result… Will their admission be affected after HSSC 2 result? Incase it wasn’t so exceptional …?
Nah man. You only have to meet the minimum criteria of scoring at least 70% (overall) in fsc
If you score below 70% overall in FSC or fail a subject, your acceptance will be revoked, and you will be rejected.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9gu6b/low_credentials_dont_worry/
Guys note this one thing k agar ap sare students ka ek graph bana de tho ek bell curve bane ga matlab top credentials wale log bohot kam honge aur unke admissions obviously sab se pehle ayenge lekin classes ko bharna bhi hai tho maximum students avg stats wale select honge. Tension nhi leni agar avg stats hai tho phir done samje admission 
na huya mein june mein apko is post pe gali dena aunga
(2)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9g9f3/what_happens_happens_for_the_best/
 

These and in the coming days, many people will be getting their rejections from LUMS despite an excellent amount of effort. Almost all of you will get disappointment, heartbroken, or some might even develop anger within themselves due to rejection.  
If you one of these persons, just let me tell you that your career has not ended yet. Getting rejection from LUMS is set back but there are still many (and better) opportunities to come in life. I know many people would have told you the same but just think for this for a moment with a cool head. You are still under 20 years of age or maybe in early 20s and you still have more than 40 years ahead in your life. If you do not lost your motivation and keep working hard despite this set back, you will still be successful by the time you reach your 40s. I am a LUMS alumnae and I can tell you from experience fthat consistency, motivation and hard work will get you into very good places whether or not you get admission in LUMS. I know people who despite getting into LUMS fail to achieve anything worthy in life and many people who get to succeed despite not being from LUMS due to a good living philosophy.  
So, I know right now you will be disappoited, sad, angry, and heartbroken. It is okay if you are having these feelings! Everyone has these after we get rejected. Give yourself some time. But afterwards, keep working on your next goal, note your mistakes and improve yourself.

\-Muhammad Usama Shahid (Aluminae of LUMS SAHSOL)  
 
mery rishtedaro ko yay baat samjha do koi  🤐😆
Ask them for a rishta. They will be fine
lmao i think that would justify it

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9frzi/sdsb/
Anyone got their decisions??
yeah i got in
I didn't get the admission tab thing does it mean I got rejected?
No. Just means you haven't gotten your desicsion yet. Just wait a few days or weeks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fpem/any_idea_when_does_the_results_for_1300s_come/
Title☝️
i know a couple of people who got in with 1300s today but excellent o and a levels
In sse also???
not anyone i know personally - but yes in the lums 28 gc ive seen a couple of people. apparently decisions are completely random so don't stress over ur sat score as long as it's above a 1300 you have a really good chance
i got 1310 SAT, 4A\* and 4A in o level, 2 A and 1B is this good enough. school applied first preference SDSB and 2n preference MGSHSS. is this ok to get in ?

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fo5b/after_acceptance/
Can somebody please guide me through the process of after receiving an acceptance. Anybody who is currently at lum's.
You would receive a package via TCS in which there will be a form and u would have to send it back after signing it. Follow the portal details like paying fee, filling emergency contact form etc and yeah that’s pretty much it

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fisn/economics_and_maths_ke_students/
I have applied in science school for economics and mathematics anyone here who have applied and received offer letter. 
I did!
what was your first choice
Only applied to SSE and got into that.
&amp; first choice major was econ and math too.
creds?
7A*s 1A (Olevels)
3As (AS)
3As (A2)
1480 SAT.
what was your first choice

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fht0/remain_steadfast_boys_stay_strong_and_keep_hope/
With all these acceptances coming out, you WILL feel left out and anxious (like I'm feeling right now) But it's fine. You've applied, you've made dua and inshallah you will get in. You can see people getting in have amazing credentials and they wholeheartedly deserve admission. Mashallah may Allah bless them with success 

And for people like us jinke credentials are not on that level, fiqar not. insha'Allah insha'Allah jo bhi hota hai, Allah apni marzi se hone deta hai. Whatever happens, stay steadfast. God bless you all and keep praying. Hope to see you all getting accepted soon. 



Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fdq1/is_this_year_lums_just_updating_portals_no_email/
I remember my brother got his admission through email on 5 june 2022 in CS. I have not yet got my decision yet but the posts on reddit and in whatsapp groups al are just saying that they got their lums application status updated so what does it mean we have to keep updated on our application portal as compared to email.  
I got the email about 7-8 hours atleast after my acceptance (which I got to know through the portal) so I’d say portal hi check karte raho email will probably be after a while

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9fbkr/sending_sat_scores/
https://preview.redd.it/sw7nz1ybftvc1.png?width=1819&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=bc66e3754364d5aeab763512c6e8f2624ea777b1

Does it matter which one of these 2 I send my SAT scores to? Got accepted for SBASSE
0513, is the code for lums, don't send anywhere else
I see, thanks

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9f8e2/how_do_i_accept_the_conditional_offer/
The portal is a bit confusing could someone help me out? For now do I just pay the fee and fill the contact/alevel grade information to accept the conditional offer until I receive the letter that I have to sign in the mail? 
Yes
Letter will be sent you via TCS and then u would send it back after signing it on paper
okay so making the payment &amp; personal info and then waiting for the letter. I don't have to do anything else for now right?
Yeah for now this is pretty much it. LUMS will then contact you probably in July, August again for setting up your zambeel, LMS, hostel (if u are applying) stuff
okay thank you!!!
I am overseas Pakistani and gave address of abroad, they can still send it to me here, right? (If I get accepted)

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9f1h0/pehlay_decision_ka_wait_tha_ab_khud_samajhhh_aa/

[removed]
IA what’s yours will come to you 🤍 it’s j a joke - Mera hoga to miracle hi hoga 🤍
Yeah✨Like if it’s good for us we wil get in.. In Sha Allah

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9ezo3/is_mghss_worth_it/
I just got into LUMS in mghss for social sciences but i am not really sure if its a good field for the future. As in if there's any scope aage in life. Can anyone advise me?
Credentials? And when did u get the mail
2A\*s 6As in olevels, and BBB expected in AL. but i had a strong PS and around 15-16 ECAs. mghss was my second preference btw first was sdsb but didnt get in wahan
Sat score ?
1310 lmao ik its below average
U got in for econ?
no social sciences thats why im confused
did u apply for social sciences yeh khudhe option dya?
Idk if u can take Econ tho. Social sciences idk how worth it they are.
Did you give sat? If yes what did you score iydm
i didnt get a mail i j checked the admission status when i woke up in the morning
Is that a joke💀
no fr 😭 I just randomly checked it in the morning 

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9evkc/lums/
I got 1310 but group mei SAT scores deikh kr…….😭
what group? link?
The WhatsApp one
can you share the link? i wanna join
https://chat.whatsapp.com/EsdnIdd6WrV30LhLgcaG6C
anyone got discord link for lums?
i also got 1310 lol we are in this together
Your creds?
4A* and 4A in o level, 2A 1B in As level, and 1310 SAT score. ECs around 18
InshAllah you’ll get in
Thanks i hope so but if i don’t its all Allah’s plan. I pray that you too get accepted ameen. 
JazakAllah ameen

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9eu7j/did_no_one_else_get_acceptance_from_law_school/

My frnd got in he has 1390 SAT
[removed]
AS 2A 2B
O levels 4 A*s 5As
[removed]
He hasnt given yet
Yes I got my acceptance last week

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9eto8/whats_the_frequency_of_results_coming_out/
Like last night there were a lot of acceptances coming out so does that mean it will be a while before another batch of results come out or it can be random throughout the day?
Abhi pehla batch to raat 12 bajay hi aya hai. Some people think its random throughout the day cuz of the delayed emails (or lack thereof 💀) but portals were updated at 12 for everyone. Its just an assumption but ig they'll release the next bulk of acceptaces next saturday.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9etbe/acceptance_timing/
did you all receive your acceptances yesterday ya sath sath aarahe asking cuz 293949 dafa portal open kar chuka hoon?
Bro I can feel you🥲
😔🔫
some people dont open the admission status panel make sure you check it
This only appears if you get an offer right?
yes
It appears as a new tab next to application status, document checklist etc?
yea next to application status

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9ehks/lums/
Bhai ye acceptance walon k creds dekh kar umeed khatam hogayi hai.
1400 SAT here kis ke creds dekh liay hain?
bhai aap whatsapp group mai ho ?. uss hi ki wajah se depression hai.
Konsa lums’28 vla
can u get me added
I have shared link look up in comments
yea...
Fzol group ha ajeeb kl hi add kia dost ne but ajeeb terah ke log hai aik bnda 990 SAT vle ko lga hoya hojaye ga good chance ajeeb meinay tu mute kia hoya hai or dekh bi nhi rha
the group i'm in is admin only, we might be in different ones
Yeah it’s different
can you add me in yours ??
add me also
Sure
should i dm you my number or will you send a link ??
and congrats on getting in
True
they send acceptances to the BEST applicants till may the rest come afterwards and i wont even come afterwards lol :)
Which school?
SBASSE
same :// whatre your creds?
i mentioned everything in a chance me, ill find it and reply to you in a sec
I have 5A\* 3A (Isl, Pak Std, Eng As First Language) O-Level - 1A, 1B A-Levels (2A\* 1A School Predicted) - 1410 SAT - Community Service / Internship / Research(No Paper) / Sports / Tutorship . I would rate my supplements like 7/10. Quite iffy about the Aptitude test like might get 24-25, might get 15-16
same creds 💀
Looks good man, ive got the same creds more or less however a 1390 ://. I did see someone getting in w a 1400 so theres hope 🙏🙏
IA man, all we can do is hope for the best, it's just that i've heard k SBASSE is very hard to get into so idk
IA, im a bit chill tho since i got into iba for cs alhamdullilah but I wouldnt mind attending lums lmao. Are u applying for cs?
MA man congrats!!! good for you and I am also applying to CS.

fun fact: not trying to brag but i got into nyu and my dumbass forgot to send the CSS profile hence i denied them so LUMS is like my last hope
Woah, getting into nyu you have the right to brag bruv i mean i would lmao, congrats man thats a huge fckin deal. If you got into nyu youre for sure getting into lums man dont worry
thanks man but all i got from it was a sticker on my lapto and a letter in my cupboard
1400 SAT here kis ke creds dekh liay hain?
bhai aap whatsapp group mai ho ?. uss hi ki wajah se depression hai.
All the chance me posts were wrong, I got in with a SAT lower than 1400 🥺🥺
Konsa lums’28 vla
Mashallah, I'm 100% sure it was fully deserved
can u get me added
Idt creds ka chakkar hai cus i have very basic creds and got my acceptance. I think CS dept ka masla hai cus seats sirf 200 hain
If you don't mind, can you share your creds ?
I have shared link look up in comments
Uhh i got
Olevels : 7A*s 3As
AS level: AAAB
ECAs : TA, Nixor Govt, TSKL NGO, NSTC , PYPT 
Lcat mei math portion went full wala but english mei i flunked
No offense but not basic
Yar mere college mei i had ppl with All A*s and All As and even distinction wale ppl applying alongside me so i think this was the most basic appl from my college
yea...
Fzol group ha ajeeb kl hi add kia dost ne but ajeeb terah ke log hai aik bnda 990 SAT vle ko lga hoya hojaye ga good chance ajeeb meinay tu mute kia hoya hai or dekh bi nhi rha
the group i'm in is admin only, we might be in different ones
Yeah it’s different
can you add me in yours ??
add me also
Sure
should i dm you my number or will you send a link ??
and congrats on getting in
True
they send acceptances to the BEST applicants till may the rest come afterwards and i wont even come afterwards lol :)
Which school?
SBASSE
same :// whatre your creds?
i mentioned everything in a chance me, ill find it and reply to you in a sec
I have 5A\* 3A (Isl, Pak Std, Eng As First Language) O-Level - 1A, 1B A-Levels (2A\* 1A School Predicted) - 1410 SAT - Community Service / Internship / Research(No Paper) / Sports / Tutorship . I would rate my supplements like 7/10. Quite iffy about the Aptitude test like might get 24-25, might get 15-16
same creds 💀
Looks good man, ive got the same creds more or less however a 1390 ://. I did see someone getting in w a 1400 so theres hope 🙏🙏
IA man, all we can do is hope for the best, it's just that i've heard k SBASSE is very hard to get into so idk
IA, im a bit chill tho since i got into iba for cs alhamdullilah but I wouldnt mind attending lums lmao. Are u applying for cs?
MA man congrats!!! good for you and I am also applying to CS.

fun fact: not trying to brag but i got into nyu and my dumbass forgot to send the CSS profile hence i denied them so LUMS is like my last hope
Woah, getting into nyu you have the right to brag bruv i mean i would lmao, congrats man thats a huge fckin deal. If you got into nyu youre for sure getting into lums man dont worry
thanks man but all i got from it was a sticker on my lapto and a letter in my cupboard
All the chance me posts were wrong, I got in with a SAT lower than 1400 🥺🥺
Mashallah, I'm 100% sure it was fully deserved
Idt creds ka chakkar hai cus i have very basic creds and got my acceptance. I think CS dept ka masla hai cus seats sirf 200 hain
If you don't mind, can you share your creds ?
Uhh i got
Olevels : 7A*s 3As
AS level: AAAB
ECAs : TA, Nixor Govt, TSKL NGO, NSTC , PYPT 
Lcat mei math portion went full wala but english mei i flunked
No offense but not basic
Yar mere college mei i had ppl with All A*s and All As and even distinction wale ppl applying alongside me so i think this was the most basic appl from my college

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9ecrv/lums_acceptance/
Does any lums senior or anybody has idea about the stats of acceptance of low sat score for SSE? Because all i see is such 1400+ being accepted to this school &amp; it scares me if they would even consider the low sat score application. Although i did gave lcat too!
bhai 1400 plus walon ki bhi acceptance nhi arhi😔
same im worried about that as well because my sat score was mediocre but my lcat went good alhumdulilah.
What is your sat score? Do u think low sat score have chances?
man my SAT score was just 1300 but i had good ecas and grades n i also gave lcat as i mentioned. As far as low sat score chances i have no idea, seeing how competitive n the acceptances yet im just losing hope :(
wbu what was ur score
Graduated from LUMS last year. SSE does accept low SAT scores if your other credentials are good. Today is only the first day and the admissions keep coming till August.
Do they also send rejection letter in this time period or only during August
When do they send out rejection letters?
Relax everyone I got acceptance and my creds are matric 98.6% ICS 93% and my SAT score is 1350
So hope for the best and pray to God.

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9ea8k/got_in_sdsb/
All praise be to god.  


First of all I wanna mention that I am extremely grateful for it and I don't wanna come off as rude or I just got in easily without hardwork or something like that

I'm gonna be completely honest I didn't wanna get in due to the lack of funds and just wrote 2 or 3 ecs and just wrote a mediocre chatgpt inspired essay.

my creds were decent: 82% matric (didn't study anything) 91% fsc part 1 (with distinctions in economics maths and principles of commerce) and 1460 SAT, 770M 690E  
this just goes to show even without putting in that much effort, you can get in, so people who did put in effort, know that it will not be wasted.

but yeah, best of luck to the rest of the applicants!  


&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/lmrk3l6xzsvc1.png?width=797&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8ee0353e3d82cfc7fe981cb625ca9abb3263dfdc
mashallah keep working hard
Congrats! Did you receive the offer just now or yesterday? Also did you give sat before March?
Yup, just received it now. I gave the december SAT.
Did u get an email?
Did you check it yesterday night as well? Or today only?
Where to check ,on application status?
f

Scraped data for URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/LUMS/comments/1c9dxdr/scholarship/
I heard LUMS offer merit scholarship to top 4-5 students of each of their school. Is it given with the acceptance or after your A level results ?
I think there are usually between 10 to 20 students in each school.
And do you have any idea, when this scholarship is announced. With the acceptance letter or later?
it announces with the acceptance letter
i just checked out that they offer 100 merit scholarships for outstanding academic performance, which is about 20 students in each school
100 merit scholarships are not really true for freshmen year tbh. They usually offer merit scholarships to students who have scored highest for sdsb this usually goes to students who have 1500+ scores. After your freshmen year, top 5 students from each batch from each school are awarded merit scholarships.
It’s given with the acceptance letter.

